Complete Works of Swami Vivekananda 

Volume 7 

Inspired Talks 

Conversations and Dialogues 
Translation of Writings 
Notes of Class Talks and Lectures 
Epistles - Third Series 




Swami Yivekananda 

January 12, 1863 - July 4, 1902 



Chicago 1893 



Complete Works of Swami Vivekananda 



Volume 7 

Inspired talks 
1895 

Wednesday, June 19 
Sunday, June 23 
Monday, June 24 
Tuesday, June 25 
Wednesday, June 26 
Thursday, June 27 
Friday, June 28 
Saturday, June 29 
Sunday, June 30 
Monday, July 1 
Tuesday, July 2 
Wednesday, July 3 
Friday, July 5 
Saturday, July 6 



Sunday, July 7 



Monday, July 8 
Tuesday, July 9 
Wednesday, July 10 
Thursday, July 1 1 
Friday, July 12 
Saturday, July 13 
Sunday, July 14 
Monday, July 15 
Tuesday, July 16 
Wednesday, July 17 
Thursday, July 18 
Friday, July 19 
Saturday, July 20 
Sunday, July 21 
Tuesday, July 23 
Wednesday, July 24 
Thursday, July 25 



Friday, July 26 



Saturday, July 27 
Sunday, July 28 
Monday, July 29 
Tuesday, July 30 
Wednesday, July 31 
Thursday, August 1 
Friday, August 2 
Saturday, August 3 
Sunday, August 4 
Monday, August 5 
Tuesday, August 6 



« 



Home / Complete -Works / Volume 7 / Inspired Talks / 



(Recorded by Miss S. E. Waldo, a disciple) 

Wednesday, June 19, 1895. 

( This day marks the beginning of the regular teaching given daily by Swami 
Vivekananda to his disciples at Thousand Island Park. We had not yet all 
assembled there, but the Master's heart was always in his work, so he 
commenced at once to teach the three or four who were with him. He came on 
this first morning with the Bible in his hand and opened to the Book of John, 
saying that since we were all Christians, it was proper that he should begin 
with the Christian scriptures.) 

"In the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God, and the Word 
was God." The Hindu calls this Maya, the manifestation of God, because it is 
the power of God. The Absolute reflecting through the universe is what we call 
nature. The Word has two manifestations — the general one of nature, and the 
special one of the great Incarnations of God — Krishna, Buddha, Jesus, and 
Ramakrishna. Christ, the special manifestation of the Absolute, is known and 
knowable. The absolute cannot be known: we cannot know the Father, only the 
Son. We can only see the Absolute through the "tint of humanity", through 
Christ. 

In the first five verses of John is the whole essence of Christianity: each verse 
is full of the profoundest philosophy. 

The Perfect never becomes imperfect. It is in the darkness, but is not affected 
by the darkness. God's mercy goes to all, but is not affected by their 
wickedness. The sun is not affected by any disease of our eyes which may 
make us see it distorted. In the twenty-ninth verse, "taketh away the sin of the 
world" means that Christ would show us the way to become perfect. God 
became Christ to show man his true nature, that we too are God. We are human 
coverings over the Divine; but as the divine Man, Christ and we are one. 

The Trinitarian Christ is elevated above us; the Unitarian Christ is merely a 



moral man; neither can help us. The Christ who is the Incarnation of God, who 
has not forgotten His divinity, that Christ can help us, in Him there is no 
imperfection. These Incarnations are always conscious of their own divinity; 
they know it from their birth. They are like the actors whose play is over, but 
who, after their work is done, return to please others. These great Ones are 
untouched by aught of earth; they assume our form and our limitations for a 
time in order to teach us; but in reality they are never limited, they are ever 
free. . . . 

Good is near Truth, but is not yet Truth. After learning not to be disturbed by 
evil, we have to learn not to be made happy by good. We must find that we are 
beyond both evil and good; we must study their adjustment and see that they 
are both necessary. 

The idea of dualism is from the ancient Persians.* Really good and evil are one 
(Because they are both chains and products of Maya.) and are in our own mind. When 
the mind is self-poised, neither good nor bad affects it. Be perfectly free; then 
neither can affect it, and we enjoy freedom and bliss. Evil is the iron chain, 
good is the gold one; both are chains. Be free, and know once for all that there 
is no chain for you. Lay hold of the golden chain to loosen the hold of the iron 
one, then throw both away. The thorn of evil is in our flesh; take another thorn 
from the same bush and extract the first thorn; then throw away both and be 
free. . . . 

In the world take always the position of the giver. Give everything and look for 
no return. Give love, give help, give service, give any little thing you can, but 
keep out barter. Make no conditions, and none will be imposed. Let us give out 
of our own bounty, just as God gives to us. 

The Lord is the only Giver, all the men in the world are only shopkeepers. Get 
His cheque, and it must be honoured everywhere. 

"God is the inexplicable, inexpressible essence of love", to be known, but never 
defined. 



In our miseries and struggles the world seems to us a very dreadful place. But 
just as when we watch two puppies playing and biting we do not concern 
ourselves at all, realising that it is only fun and that even a sharp nip now and 
then will do no actual harm, so all our struggles are but play in God's eyes. This 
world is all for play and only amuses God; nothing in it can make God angry. 

* * * 

"Mother! In the sea of life my bark is sinking. 

The whirlwind of illusion, the storm of attachment is growing every 
moment. 

My five oarsmen (senses) are foolish, and the helmsman (mind) is weak. 

My bearings are lost, my boat is sinking. 

O Mother! Save me!" 

"Mother, Thy light stops not for the saint or the sinner; it animates the lover 
and the murderer." Mother is ever manifesting through all. The light is not 
polluted by what it shines on, nor benefited by it. The light is ever pure, ever 
changeless. Behind every creature is the "Mother", pure, lovely, never 
changing. "Mother, manifested as light in all beings, we bow down to Thee!" 
She is equally in suffering, hunger, pleasure, sublimity. "When the bee sucks 
honey, the Lord is eating." Knowing that the Lord is everywhere, the sages 
give up praising and blaming. Know that nothing can hurt you. How? Are you 
not free? Are you not Atman? He is the Life of our lives, the hearing of our 
ears, the sight of our eyes. 

We go through the world like a man pursued by a policeman and see the barest 
glimpses of the beauty of it. All this fear that pursues us comes from believing 
in matter. Matter gets its whole existence from the presence of mind behind it. 
What we see is God percolating through nature. (Here "nature" means matter and 
mind.) 



» 



« 



Home / Complete -Works / Volume 7 / Inspired Talks / 



(Recorded by Miss S. E. Waldo, a disciple) 

Sunday, June 23, 1895. 

Be brave and be sincere; then follow any path with devotion, and you must 
reach the Whole. Once lay hold of one link of the chain, and the whole chain 
must come by degrees. Water the roots of the tree (that is, reach the Lord), and 
the whole tree is watered; getting the Lord, we get all. 

One-sidedness is the bane of the world. The more sides you can develop the 
more souls you have, and you can see the universe through all souls — through 
the Bhakta (devotee) and the Jnani (philosopher). Determine your own nature 
and stick to it. Nishtha (devotion to one ideal) is the only method for the 
beginner; but with devotion and sincerity it will lead to all. Churches, 
doctrines, forms, are the hedges to protect the tender plant, but they must later 
be broken down that the plant may become a tree. So the various religions, 
Bibles, Vedas, dogmas — all are just tubs for the little plant; but it must get out 
of the tub. Nishtha is, in a manner, placing the plant in the tub, shielding the 
struggling soul in its path. . . . 

Look at the "ocean" and not at the "wave"; see no difference between ant and 
angel. Every worm is the brother of the Nazarene. How say one is greater and 
one less? Each is great in his own place. We are in the sun and in the stars as 
much as here. Spirit is beyond space and time and is everywhere. Every mouth 
praising the Lord is my mouth, every eye seeing is my eye. We are confined 
nowhere; we are not body, the universe is our body. We are magicians waving 
magic wands and creating scenes before us at will. We are the spider in his 
huge web, who can go on the varied strands wheresoever he desires. The spider 
is now only conscious of the spot where he is, but he will in time become 
conscious of the whole web. We are now conscious only where the body is, we 
can use only one brain; but when we reach ultraconsciousness, we know all, we 
can use all brains. Even now we can "give the push" in consciousness, and it 
goes beyond and acts in the superconscious. 



We are striving "to be" and nothing more, no "I" ever — just pure crystal, 
reflecting all, but ever the same, When that state is reached, there is no more 
doing; the body becomes a mere mechanism, pure without care for it; it cannot 
become impure. 

Know you are the Infinite, then fear must die. Say ever, "I and my Father are 
one." 



^ * 

In time to come Christs will be in numbers like bunches of grapes on a vine; 
then the play will be over and will pass out — as water in a kettle beginning to 
boil shows first one bubble, then another then more and more, until all is in 
ebullition and passes out as steam. Buddha and Christ are the two biggest 
"bubbles" the world has yet produced. Moses was a tiny bubble, greater and 
greater ones came. Sometime, however, all will be bubbles and escape; but 
creation, ever new, will bring new water to go through the process all over 
again. 



» 



« 



Home / Complete -Works / Volume 7 / Inspired Talks / 



(Recorded by Miss S. E. Waldo, a disciple) 

MONDAY, June 24, 1895. ( The reading today was from the Bhakti-Sutras by 
Narada.) 

"Extreme love to God is Bhakti, and this love is the real immortality, getting 
which a man becomes perfectly satisfied, sorrows for no loss, and is never 
jealous; knowing which man becomes mad." 

My Master used to say, "This world is a huge lunatic asylum where all men are 
mad, some after money, some after women, some after name or fame, and a 
few after God. I prefer to be mad after God. God is the philosophers' stone that 
turns us to gold in an instant; the form remains, but the nature is changed — the 
human form remains, but no more can we hurt or sin." 

"Thinking of God, some weep, some sing, some laugh, some dance, some say 
wonderful things, but all speak of nothing but God." 

Prophets preach, but the Incarnations like Jesus, Buddha, Ramakrishna, can 
give religion; one glance, one touch is enough. That is the power of the Holy 
Ghost, the "laying on of hands"; the power was actually transmitted to the 
disciples by the Master — the "chain of Guru-power". That, the real baptism, 
has been handed down for untold ages. 

"Bhakti cannot be used to fulfil any desires, itself being the check to all 
desires." Narada gives these as the signs of love: "When all thoughts, all words, 
and all deeds are given up unto the Lord, and the least forgetfulness of God 
makes one intensely miserable, then love has begun." 

"This is the highest form of love because therein is no desire for reciprocity, 
which desire is in all human love." 

"A man who has gone beyond social and scriptural usage, he is a Sannyasin. 
When the whole soul goes to God, when we take refuge only in God, then we 
know that we are about to get this love." 



Obey the scriptures until you are strong enough to do without them; then go 
beyond them. Books are not an end-all. Verification is the only proof of 
religious truth. Each must verify for himself; and no teacher who says, "I have 
seen, but you cannot", is to be trusted, only that one who says, "You can see 
too". All scriptures, all truths are Vedas in all times, in all countries; because 
these truths are to be seen , and any one may discover them. 

"When the sun of Love begins to break on the horizon, we want to give up all 
our actions unto God; and when we forget Him for a moment, it grieves us 
greatly." 

Let nothing stand between God and your love for Him. Love Him, love Him, 
love Him; and let the world say what it will. Love is of three sorts — one 
demands, but gives nothing; the second is exchange; and the third is love 
without thought of return — love like that of the moth for the light. 

"Love is higher than work, than Yoga, than knowledge." 

Work is merely a schooling for the doer; it can do no good to others. We must 
work out our own problem; the prophets only show us how to work. "What you 
think , you become ", so if you throw your burden on Jesus, you will have to 
think of Him and thus become like Him — you love Him. 

"Extreme love and highest knowledge are one." 

But theorising about God will not do; we must love and work. Give up the 
world and all worldly things, especially while the "plant" is tender. Day and 
night think of God and think of nothing else as far as possible. The daily 
necessary thoughts can all be thought through God. Eat to Him, drink to Him, 
sleep to Him, see Him in all. Talk of God to others; this is most beneficial. 

Get the mercy of God and of His greatest children: these are the two chief ways 
to God. The company of these children of light is very hard to get; five minutes 
in their company will change a whole life; and if you really want it enough, one 
will come to you. The presence of those who love God makes a place holy, 
"such is the glory of the children of the Lord". They are He; and when they 



speak, their words are scriptures. The place where they have been becomes 
filled with their vibrations, and those going there feel them and have a tendency 
to become holy also. 

"To such lovers there is no distinction of caste, learning, beauty, birth, wealth, 
or occupation; because all are His." 

Give up all evil company, especially at the beginning. Avoid worldly company, 
that will distract your mind. Give up all " me and mine". To him who has 
nothing in the universe the Lord comes. Cut the bondage of all worldly 
affections; go beyond laziness and all care as to what becomes of you. Never 
turn back to see the result of what you have done. Give all to the Lord and go 
on and think not of it. The whole soul pours in a continuous current to God; 
there is no time to seek money, or name, or fame, no time to think of anything 
but God; then will come into our hearts that infinite, wonderful bliss of Love. 
All desires are but beads of glass. Love of God increases every moment and is 
ever new, to be known only by feeling it. Love is the easiest of all, it waits for 
no logic, it is natural. We need no demonstration, no proof. Reasoning is 
limiting something by our own minds. We throw a net and catch something, 
and then say that we have demonstrated it; but never, never can we catch God 
in a net. 

Love should be unrelated. Even when we love wrongly, it is of the true love, of 
the true bliss; the power is the same, use it as we may. Its very nature is peace 
and bliss. The murderer when he kisses his baby forgets for an instant all but 
love. Give up all self, all egotism s get out of anger, lust, give all to God. "I am 
not, but Thou art; the old man is all gone, only Thou remainest." "I am Thou." 
Blame none; if evil comes, know the Lord is playing with you and be 
exceeding glad. 



Love is beyond time and space, it is absolute. 



» 



« 



Home / Complete -Works / Volume 7 / Inspired Talks / 



(Recorded by Miss S. E. Waldo, a disciple) 

Tuesday, June 25, 1895. 

After every happiness comes misery; they may be far apart or near. The more 
advanced the soul, the more quickly does one follow the other. What we want is 
neither happiness nor misery. Both make us forget our true nature; both are 
chains — one iron, one gold; behind both is the Atman, who knows neither 
happiness nor misery. These are states and states must ever change; but the 
nature of the Soul is bliss, peace, unchanging. We have not to get it, we have it; 
only wash away the dross and see it. 

Stand upon the Self, then only can we truly love the world. Take a very, very 
high stand; knowing out universal nature, we must look with perfect calmness 
upon all the panorama of the world. It is but baby's play, and we know that, so 
cannot be disturbed by it. If the mind is pleased with praise, it will be 
displeased with blame. All pleasures of the senses or even of the mind are 
evanescent but within ourselves is the one true unrelated pleasure, dependent 
upon nothing. It is perfectly free, it is bliss. The more our bliss is within, the 
more spiritual we are. The pleasure of the Self is what the world calls religion. 

The internal universe, the real , is infinitely greater than the external, which is 
only a shadowy projection of the true one. This world is neither true nor untrue, 
it is the shadow of truth. "Imagination is the gilded shadow of truth", says the 
poet. 

We enter into creation, and then for us it becomes living. Things are dead in 
themselves; only we give them life, and then, like fools, we turn around and are 
afraid of them, or enjoy them. But be not like certain fisher-women, who, 
caught in a storm on their way home from market, took refuge in the house of a 
florist. They were lodged for the night in a room next to the garden where the 
air was full of the fragrance of flowers. In vain did they try to rest, until one of 
their number suggested that they wet their fishy baskets and place them near 
their heads. Then they all fell into a sound sleep. 



The world is our fish basket, we must not depend upon it for enjoyment. Those 
who do are the Tamasas or the bound. Then there are the Rajasas or the 
egotistical, who talk always about "I", "I". They do good work sometimes and 
may become spiritual. But the highest are the Sattvikas, the introspective, those 
who live only in the Self. These three qualities, Tamas, Rajas, and Sattva 
(idleness, activity, and illumination), are in everyone, and different ones 
predominate at different times. 

Creation is not a "making" of something, it is the struggle to regain the 
equilibrium, as when atoms of cork are thrown to the bottom of a pail of water 
and rush to rise to the top, singly or in clusters. Life is and must be 
accompanied by evil. A little evil is the source of life; the little wickedness that 
is in the world is very good; for when the balance is regained, the world will 
end, because sameness and destruction are one. When this world goes, good 
and evil go with it; but when we can transcend this world, we get rid of both 
good and evil and have bliss. 

There is no possibility of ever having pleasure without pain, good without evil; 
for living itself is just the lost equilibrium. What we want is freedom, not life, 
nor pleasure, nor good. Creation is infinite, without beginning and without end 
— the ever-moving ripple in an infinite lake. There are yet unreached depths 
and others where the equilibrium has been regained; but the ripple is always 
progressing, the struggle to regain the balance is eternal. Life and death are 
only different names for the same fact, the two sides of the one coin. Both are 
Maya, the inexplicable state of striving at one time to live, and a moment later 
to die. Beyond this is the true nature, the Atman. While we recognise a God, it 
is really only the Self which we have separated ourselves from and worship as 
outside of us; but it is our true Self all the time — the one and only God. 

To regain the balance we must counteract Tamas by Rajas; then conquer Rajas 
by Sattva, the calm beautiful state that will grow and grow until all else is gone. 
Give up bondage; become a son, be free, and then you can "see the Father", as 
did Jesus. Infinite strength is religion and God. Avoid weakness and slavery. 
You are only a soul, if you are free; there is immortality for you, if you are free; 
there is God, if He is free. . . . 



The world for me, not I for the world. Good and evil are our slaves, not we 
theirs. It is the nature of the brute to remain where he is (not to progress); it is 
the nature of man to seek good and avoid evil; it is the nature of God to seek 
neither, but just to be eternally blissful. Let us be God! Make the heart like an 
ocean, go beyond all the trifles of the world, be mad with joy even at evil; see 
the world as a picture and then enjoy its beauty, knowing that nothing affects 
you. Children finding glass beads in a mud puddle, that is the good of the 
world. Look at it with calm complacency; see good and evil as the same — 
both are merely "God's play"; enjoy all. 

* * ^ 

My Master used to say, "All is God; but tiger-God is to be shunned. All water 
is water; but we avoid dirty water for drinking." 

The whole sky is the censer of God, and sun and moon are the lamps. What 
temple is needed? All eyes are Thine, yet Thou hast not an eye; all hands are 
Thine; yet Thou hast not a hand. 

Neither seek nor avoid, take what comes. It is liberty to be affected by nothing; 
do not merely endure, be unattached. Remember the story of the bull. A 
mosquito sat long on the horn of a certain bull. Then his conscience troubled 
him, and he said, "Mr. Bull, I have been sitting here a long time, perhaps I 
annoy you. I am sorry, I will go away." But the bull replied, "Oh no, not at all! 
Bring your whole family and live on my horn; what can you do to me?" 



» 



« 



Home / Complete -Works / Volume 7 / Inspired Talks / 



(Recorded by Miss S. E. Waldo, a disciple) 

Wednesday, June 26, 1895. 

Our best work is done, our greatest influence is exerted, when we are without 
thought of self. All great geniuses know this. Let us open ourselves to the one 
Divine Actor, and let Him act, and do nothing ourselves. "O Arjuna! I have no 
duty in the whole world ", says Krishna. Be perfectly resigned, perfectly 
unconcerned; then alone can you do any true work. No eyes can see the real 
forces, we can only see the results. Put out self, lose it, forget it; just let God 
work, it is His business. We have nothing to do but stand aside and let God 
work. The more we go away, the more God comes in. Get rid of the little "I", 
and let only the great "I" live. 

We are what our thoughts have made us; so take care of what you think. Words 
are secondary. Thoughts live, they travel far. Each thought we think is tinged 
with our own character, so that for the pure and holy man, even his jests or 
abuse will have the twist of his own love and purity and do good. 

Desire nothing; think of God and look for no return. It is the desireless who 
bring results. The begging monks carry religion to every man's door; but they 
think that they do nothing, they claim nothing, their work is unconsciously 
done. If they should eat of the tree of knowledge, they would become egoists, 
and all the good they do would fly away. As soon as we say "I", we are 
humbugged all the time; and we call it "knowable", but it is only going round 
and round like a bullock tied to a tree. The Lord has hidden Himself best, and 
His work is best; so he who hides himself best, accomplishes most. Conquer 
yourself \ and the whole universe is yours. 

In the state of Sattva we see the very nature of things, we go beyond the senses 
and beyond reason. The adamantine wall that shuts us in is egoism; we refer 
everything to ourselves, thinking. "I do this, that, and the other." Get rid of this 
puny "I"; kill this diabolism in us; "Not I, but Thou" — say it, feel it, live it. 
Until we give up the world manufactured by the ego, never can we enter the 



kingdom of heaven. None ever did, none ever will. To give up the world is to 
forget the ego, to know it not at all — living in the body, but not of it. This 
rascal ego must be obliterated. Bless men when they revile you. Think how 
much good they are doing you; they can only hurt themselves. Go where people 
hate you, let them thrash the ego out of you, and you will get nearer to the Lord. 
Like the mother-monkey, we hug our "baby", the world, as long as we can, but 
at last when we are driven to put it under our feet and step on it* then we are 
ready to come to God. Blessed it is to be persecuted for the sake of 
righteousness. Blessed are we if we cannot read, we have less to take us away 
from God. 

Enjoyment is the million-headed serpent that we must tread under foot. We 
renounce and go on, then find nothing and despair; but hold on, hold on. The 
world is a demon. It is a kingdom of which the puny ego is king. Put it away 
and stand firm. Give up lust and gold and fame and hold fast to the Lord, and at 
last we shall reach a state of perfect indifference. The idea that the gratification 
of the senses constitutes enjoyment is purely materialistic. There is not one 
spark of real enjoyment there; all the joy there is, is a mere reflection of the true 
bliss. 

Those who give themselves up to the Lord do more for the world than all the so- 
called workers. One man who has purified himself thoroughly accomplishes 
more than a regiment of preachers. Out of purity and silence comes the word of 
power. 

"Be like a lily — stay in one place and expand your petals; and the bees will 
come of themselves." There was a great contrast between Keshab Chandra Sen 
and Shri Ramakrishna. The second never recognised any sin or misery in the 
world, no evil to fight against. The first was a great ethical reformer, leader, and 
founder of the Brahmo-Samaj. After twelve years the quiet prophet of 
Dakshineswar had worked a revolution not only in India, but in the world. The 
power is with the silent ones, who only live and love and then withdraw their 
personality. They never say "me" and "mine"; they are only blessed in being 
instruments. Such men are the makers of Christs and Buddhas, ever living fully 
identified with God, ideal existences, asking nothing, and not consciously doing 
anything. They are the real movers, the Jivanmuktas, (Literally, free even while 



living.) absolutely selfless, the little personality entirely blown away, ambition 
non-existent. They are all principle, no personality. 



« 



Home / Complete -Works / Volume 7 / Inspired Talks / 



(Recorded by Miss S. E. Waldo, a disciple) 

THURSDAY, June 27, 1895. ( The Swami brought the New Testament this 
morning and talked again on the book of John.) 

Mohammed claimed to be the "Comforter" that Christ promised to send. He 
considered it unnecessary to claim a supernatural birth for Jesus. Such claims 
have been common in all ages and in all countries. All great men have claimed 
gods for their fathers. 

Knowing is only relative; we can be God, but never know Him. Knowledge is a 
lower state; Adam's fall was when he came to "know". Before that he was God, 
he was truth, he was purity. We are our own faces, but can see only a 
reflection, never the real thing. We are love, but when we think of it, we have 
to use a phantasm, which proves that matter is only externalised thought.* 

Nivritti is turning aside from the world. Hindu mythology says that the four 
first-created (The four first-created were Sanaka, Sanandana, Sanatana, and Sanatkumara.) 
were warned by a Swan (God Himself) that manifestation was only secondary; 
so they remained without creating. The meaning of this is that expression is 
degeneration, because Spirit can only be expressed by the letter and then the 
"letter killeth" (Bible, 2 Cor. III. 6.); yet principle is bound to be clothed in matter, 
though we know that later we shall lose sight of the real in the covering. Every 
great teacher understands this, and that is why a continual succession of 
prophets has to come to show us the principle and give it a new covering suited 
to the times. My Master taught that religion is one; all prophets teach the same; 
but they can only present the principle in a form; so they take it out of the old 
form and put it before us in a new one. When we free ourselves from name and 
form, especially from a body — when we need no body, good or bad — then 
only do we escape from bondage. Eternal progression is eternal bondage; 
annihilation of form is to be preferred. We must get free from any body, even a 
"god-body". God is the only real existence, there cannot be two. There is but 
One Soul, and I am That. 



Good works are only valuable as a means of escape; they do good to the doer, 
never to any other. 

Knowledge is mere classification. When we find many things of the same kind 
we call the sum of them by a certain name and are satisfied; we discover 
"facts", never "why". We take a circuit in a wider field of darkness and think 
we know something! No "why" can be answered in this world; for that we must 
go to God. The Knower can never be expressed; it is as when a grain of salt 
drops into the ocean, it is at once merged in the ocean. 

Differentiation creates; homogeneity or sameness is God. Get beyond 
differentiation; then you conquer life and death and reach eternal sameness and 
are in God, are God. Get freedom, even at the cost of life. All lives belong to us 
as leaves to a book; but we are unchanged, the Witness, the Soul, upon whom 
the impression is made, as when the impression of a circle is made upon the 
eyes when a firebrand is rapidly whirled round and round. The Soul is the unity 
of all personalities, and because It is at rest, eternal, unchangeable. It is God, 
Atman. It is not life, but It is coined into life. It is not pleasure, but It is 
manufactured into pleasure. . . . 

Today God is being abandoned by the world because He does not seem to be 
doing enough for the world. So they say, "Of what good is He?" Shall we look 
upon God as a mere municipal authority? 

All we can do is to put down all desires, hates, differences; put down the lower 
self, commit mental suicide, as it were; keep the body and mind pure and 
healthy, but only as instruments to help us to God; that is their only true use. 
Seek truth for truth's sake alone, look not for bliss. It may come, but do not let 
that be your incentives. Have no motive except God. Dare to come to Truth 
even through hell. 



» 



« 



Home / Complete -Works / Volume 7 / Inspired Talks / 



(Recorded by Miss S. E. Waldo, a disciple) 

FRIDAY, June 28, 1895. ( The entire party went on a picnic for the day, and 
although the Swami taught constantly, as he did wherever he was, no notes 
were taken and no record, therefore, of what he said remains. As he began his 
breakfast before setting out, however, he remarked:) 

Be thankful for all food, it is Brahman. His universal energy is transmuted into 
our individual energy and helps us in all that we do. 



» 



« 



Home / Complete -Works / Volume 7 / Inspired Talks / 



(Recorded by Miss S. E. Waldo, a disciple) 

SATURDAY, June 29, 1895. ( The Swami came this morning with a Gita in his 
hand.) 

Krishna, the "Lord of souls", talks to Arjuna or Gudakesha, "lord of sleep" (he 
who has conquered sleep). The "field of virtue" (the battlefield) is this world; 
the five brothers (representing righteousness) fight the hundred other brothers 
(all that we love and have to contend against); the most heroic brother, Arjuna 
(the awakened soul), is the general. We have to fight all sense-delights, the 
things to which we are most attached, to kill them. We have to stand alone; we 
are Brahman, all other ideas must be merged in this one. 

Krishna did everything but without any attachment; he was in the world, but 
not of it. "Do all work but without attachment; work for work's sake, never for 
yourself." 

Freedom can never be true of name and form; it is the clay out of which we 
(the pots) are made; then it is limited and not free, so that freedom can never be 
true of the related. One pot can never say "I am free" as a pot; only as it loses 
all ideas of form does it become free. The whole universe is only the Self with 
variations, the one tune made bearable by variation; sometimes there are 
discords, but they only make the subsequent harmony more perfect. In the 
universal melody three ideas stand out — freedom, strength, and sameness. 

If your freedom hurts others, you are not free there. You must not hurt others. 

"To be weak is to be miserable", says Milton. Doing and suffering are 
inseparably joined. (Often, too, the man who laughs most is the one who 
suffers most.) "To work you have the right, not to the fruits thereof." 

* * ^ 



Evil thoughts, looked at materially, are the disease bacilli. 



Each thought is a little hammer blow on the lump of iron which our bodies are, 
manufacturing out of it what we want it to be. 

We are heirs to all the good thoughts of the universe, if we open ourselves to 
them. 

The book is all in us. Fool, hearest not thou? In thine own heart day and night 
is singing that Eternal Music — Sachchidananda, soham , soham — Existence- 
Knowledge-Bliss Absolute, I am He, I am He. 

The fountain of all knowledge is in every one of us, in the ant as in the highest 
angel. Real religion is one, but we quarrel with the forms, the symbols, the 
illustrations. The millennium exists already for those who find it; we have lost 
ourselves and then think the world is lost. 

Perfect strength will have no activity in this world; it only is, it does not act. 



While real perfection is only one, relative perfections must be many. 



» 



« 



Home / Complete -Works / Volume 7 / Inspired Talks / 



(Recorded by Miss S. E. Waldo, a disciple) 

Sunday, June 30, 1895. 

To try to think without a phantasm is to try to make the impossible possible. 
We cannot think "mammalia" without a concrete example. So with the idea of 
God. 

The great abstraction of ideas in the world is what we call God. 

Each thought has two parts — the thinking and the word; and we must have 
both. Neither idealists nor materialists are right; we must take both idea and 
expression. 

All knowledge is of the reflected, as we can only see our face in a mirror. No 
one will ever know his own Self or God; but we are that own Self, we are God. 

In Nirvana you are when you are not. Buddha said, "You are best, you are real, 
when you are not" — when the little self is gone. 

The Light Divine within is obscured in most people. It is like a lamp in a cask 
of iron, no gleam of light can shine through. Gradually, by purity and 
unselfishness we can make the obscuring medium less and less dense, until at 
last it becomes as transparent as glass. Shri Ramakrishna was like the iron cask 
transformed into a glass cask through which can be seen the inner light as it is. 
We are all on the way to become the cask of glass and even higher and higher 
reflections. As long as there is a "cask" at all, we must think through material 
means. No impatient one can ever succeed. 

* * * 

Great saints are the object-lessons of the Principle. But the disciples make the 
saint the Principle, and then they forget the Principle in the person. 

The result of Buddha's constant inveighing against a personal God was the 



introduction of idols into India. In the Vedas they knew them not, because they 
saw God everywhere, but the reaction against the loss of God as Creator and 
Friend was to make idols, and Buddha became an idol — so too with Jesus. 
The range of idols is from wood and stone to Jesus and Buddha, but we must 
have idols. 



* * ^ 

Violent attempts at reform always end by retarding reform. Do not say, "You 
are bad"; say only, "You are good, but be better." 

Priests are an evil in every country, because they denounce and criticise, 
pulling at one string to mend it until two or three others are out of place. Love 
never denounces, only ambition does that. There is no such thing as "righteous" 
anger or justifiable killing. 

If you do not allow one to become a lion, he will become a fox. Women are a 
power, only now it is more for evil because man oppresses woman; she is the 
fox, but when she is not longer oppressed, she will become the lion. 

Ordinarily speaking, spiritual aspiration ought to be balanced through the 
intellect; otherwise it may degenerate into mere sentimentality. . . . 

All theists agree that behind the changeable there is an Unchangeable, though 
they vary in their conception of the Ultimate. Buddha denied this in toto. 

"There is no Brahman, no Atman, no soul," he said. 

As a character Buddha was the greatest the world has ever seen; next to him 
Christ. But the teachings of Krishna as taught by the Gita are the grandest the 
world has ever known. He who wrote that wonderful poem was one of those 
rare souls whose lives sent a wave of regeneration through the world. The 
human race will never again see such a brain as his who wrote the Gita. 

* * * 

There is only one Power, whether manifesting as evil or good. God and the 
devil are the same river with the water flowing in opposite directions. 



« 



Home / Complete -Works / Volume 7 / Inspired Talks / 



(Recorded by Miss S. E. Waldo, a disciple) 

MONDAY, July 1, 1895. ( Shri Ramakrishna Deva) 

Shri Ramakrishna was the son of a very orthodox Brahmin, who would refuse 
even a gift from any but a special caste of Brahmins; neither might he work, 
nor even be a priest in a temple, nor sell books, nor serve anyone. He could 
only have "what fell from the skies" (alms), and even then it must not come 
through a "fallen" Brahmin. Temples have no hold on the Hindu religion; if 
they were all destroyed, religion would not be affected a grain. A man must 
only build a house for "God and guests", to build for himself would be selfish; 
therefore he erects temples as dwelling places for God. 

Owing to the extreme poverty of his family, Shri Ramakrishna was obliged to 
become in his boyhood a priest in a temple dedicated to the Divine Mother, 
also called Prakriti, or Kali, represented by a female figure standing with feet 
on a male figure, indicating that until Maya lifts, we can know nothing. 
Brahman is neuter, unknown and unknowable, but to be objectified He covers 
Himself with a veil of Maya, becomes the Mother of the Universe, and so 
brings forth the creation. The prostrate figure (Shiva or God) has become 
Shava (dead or lifeless) by being covered by Maya. The Jnani says, "I will 
uncover God by force" (Advaitism); but the dualist says, "I will uncover God 
by praying to Mother, begging Her to open the door to which She alone has the 
key." 

The daily service of the Mother Kali gradually awakened such intense devotion 
in the heart of the young priest that he could no longer carry on the regular 
temple worship. So he abandoned his duties and retired to a small woodland in 
the temple compound, where he gave himself up entirely to meditation. These 
woods were on the bank of the river Ganga; and one day the swift current bore 
to his very feet just the necessary materials to build him a little enclosure. In 
this enclosure he stayed and wept and prayed, taking no thought for the care of 
his body or for aught except his Divine Mother. A relative fed him once a day 
and watched over him. Later came a Sannyasini or lady ascetic, to help him 



find his "Mother". Whatever teachers he needed came to him unsought; from 
every sect some holy saint would come and offer to teach him and to each he 
listened eagerly. But he worshipped only Mother; all to him was Mother. 

Shri Ramakrishna never spoke a harsh word against anyone. So beautifully 
tolerant was he that every sect thought that he belonged to them. He loved 
everyone. To him all religions were true. He found a place for each one. He 
was free, but free in love, not in "thunder". The mild type creates, the 
thundering type spreads. Paul was the thundering type to spread the light. (And 
it has been said by many that Swami Vivekananda himself was a kind of St. Paul to Shri 
Ramakrishna.) 

The age of St. Paul, however, is gone; we are to be the new lights for this day. 
A self-adjusting organisation is the great need of our time. When we can get 
one, that will be the last religion of the world. The wheel must turn, and we 
should help it, not hinder. The waves of religious thought rise and fall, and on 
the topmost one stands the "prophet of the period". Ramakrishna came to teach 
the religion of today, constructive, not destructive. He had to go afresh to 
Nature to ask for facts, and he got scientific religion which never says 
"believe", but "see"; "I see, and you too can see." Use the same means and you 
will reach the same vision. God will come to everyone, harmony is within the 
reach of all. Shri Ramakrishna's teachings are "the gist of Hinduism"; they 
were not peculiar to him. Nor did he claim that they were; he cared naught for 
name or fame. 

He began to preach when he was about forty; but he never went out to do it. He 
waited for those who wanted his teachings to come to him. In accordance with 
Hindu custom, he was married by his parents in early youth to a little girl of 
five, who remained at home with her family in a distant village, unconscious of 
the great struggle through which her young husband was passing. When she 
reached maturity, he was already deeply absorbed in religious devotion. She 
travelled on foot from her home to the temple at Dakshineswar where he was 
then living; and as soon as she saw him, she recognised what he was, for she 
herself was a great soul, pure and holy, who only desired to help his work, 
never to drag him down to the level of the Grihastha (householder). 



Shri Ramakrishna is worshipped in India as one of the great Incarnations, and 
his birthday is celebrated there as a religious festival. . . . 

A curious round stone is the emblem of Vishnu, the omnipresent. Each 
morning a priest comes in, offers sacrifice to the idol, waves incense before it, 
then puts it to bed and apologises to God for worshipping Him in that way, 
because he can only conceive of Him through an image or by means of some 
material object. He bathes the idol, clothes it, and puts his divine self into the 
idol "to make it alive". 



* * * 

There is a sect which says, "It is weakness to worship only the good and 
beautiful, we ought also to love and worship the hideous and the evil." This 
sect prevails all over Tibet, and they have no marriage. In India proper they 
cannot exist openly, but organise secret societies. No decent men will belong to 
them except sub rosa. Thrice communism was tried in Tibet, and thrice it 
failed. They use Tapas and with immense success as far as power is concerned. 

Tapas means literally "to burn". It is a kind of penance to "heat" the higher 
nature. It is sometimes in the form of a sunrise to sunset vow, such as repeating 
Om all day incessantly. These actions will produce a certain power that you can 
convert into any form you wish, spiritual or material. This idea of Tapas 
penetrates the whole of Hindu religion. The Hindus even say that God made 
Tapas to create the world. It is a mental instrument with which to do 
everything. "Everything in the three worlds can be caught by Tapas." . . . 

People who report about sects with which they are not in sympathy are both 
conscious and unconscious liars. A believer in one sect can rarely see truth in 
others. 



* * ^ 

A great Bhakta (Hanuman) once said when asked what day of the month it was, 
"God is my eternal date, no other date I care for." 



» 



« 



Home / Complete -Works / Volume 7 / Inspired Talks / 



(Recorded by Miss S. E. Waldo, a disciple) 

TUESDAY, July 2, 1895. ( The Divine Mother.) 

Shaktas worship the Universal Energy as Mother, the sweetest name they 
know; for the mother is the highest ideal of womanhood in India. When God is 
worshipped as "Mother", as Love, the Hindus call it the "right-handed" way, 
and it leads to spirituality but never to material prosperity. When God is 
worshipped on His terrible side, that is, in the "left-handed" way, it leads 
usually to great material prosperity, but rarely to spirituality; and eventually it 
leads to degeneration and the obliteration of the race that practices it. 

Mother is the first manifestation of power and is considered a higher idea than 
father. With the name of Mother comes the idea of Shakti, Divine Energy and 
Omnipotence, just as the baby believes its mother to be all-powerful, able to do 
anything. The Divine Mother is the Kundalini ("coiled up" power) sleeping in 
us; without worshipping Her we can never know ourselves. All-merciful, all- 
powerful, omnipresent are attributes of Divine Mother. She is the sum total of 
the energy in the universe. Every manifestation of power in the universe is 
"Mother". She is life, She is intelligence, She is Love. She is in the universe yet 
separate from it. She is a person and can be seen and known (as Shri 
Ramakrishna saw and knew Her). Established in the idea of Mother, we can do 
anything. She quickly answers prayer. 

She can show; Herself to us in any form at any moment. Divine Mother can 
have form (Rupa) and name (Nama) or name without form; and as we worship 
Her in these various aspects we can rise to pure Being, having neither form nor 
name. 

The sum total of all the cells in an organism is one person; so each soul is like 
one cell and the sum of them is God, and beyond that is the Absolute. The sea 
calm is the Absolute; the same sea in waves is Divine Mother. She is time, 
space, and causation. God is Mother and has two natures, the conditioned and 
the unconditioned. As the former, She is God, nature, and soul (man). As the 



latter, She is unknown and unknowable. Out of the Unconditioned came the 
trinity — God, nature, and soul, the triangle of existence. This is the 
Vishishtadvaitist idea. 

A bit of Mother, a drop, was Krishna, another was Buddha, another was Christ. 
The worship of even one spark of Mother in our earthly mother leads to 
greatness. Worship Her if you want love and wisdom. 



» 



« 



Home / Complete -Works / Volume 7 / Inspired Talks / 



(Recorded by Miss S. E. Waldo, a disciple) 

Wednesday, July 3, 1895. 

Generally speaking, human religion begins with fear. "The fear of the Lord is 
the beginning of wisdom." But later comes the higher idea. "Perfect love 
casteth out fear." Traces of fear will remain with us until we get knowledge, 
know what God is. Christ, being man, had to see impurity and denounced it; 
but God, infinitely higher, does not see iniquity and cannot be angry. 
Denunciation is never the highest. David's hands were smeared with blood; he 
could not build the temple. (Bible, Samuel, Chap. XVII — end.) 

The more we grow in love and virtue and holiness, the more we see love and 
virtue and holiness outside. All condemnation of others really condemns 
ourselves. Adjust the microcosm (which is in your power to do) and the 
macrocosm will adjust itself for you. It is like the hydrostatic paradox , one 
drop of water can balance the universe. We cannot see outside what we are not 
inside. The universe is to us what the huge engine is to the miniature engine; 
and indication of any error in the tiny engine leads us to imagine trouble in the 
huge one. 

Every step that has been really gained in the world has been gained by love; 
criticising can never do any good, it has been tried for thousand of years. 
Condemnation accomplishes nothing. 

A real Vedantist must sympathise with all. Monism, or absolute oneness is the 
very soul of Vedanta. Dualists naturally tend to become intolerant, to think 
theirs as the only way. The Vaishnavas in India, who are dualists, are a most 
intolerant sect. Among the Shaivas, another dualistic sect, the story is told of a 
devotee by the name of Ghantakarna or the Bell-eared, who was so devout a 
worshipper of Shiva that he did not wish even to hear the name of any other 
deity; so he wore two bells tied to his ears in order to drown the sound of any 
voice uttering other Divine names. On account of his intense devotion to Shiva, 
the latter wanted to teach him that there was no difference between Shiva and 



Vishnu, so He appeared before him as half Vishnu and half Shiva. At that 
moment the devotee was waving incense before Him, but so great was the 
bigotry of Ghantakarna that when he saw the fragrance of the incense entering 
the nostril of Vishnu, he thrust his finger into it to prevent the god from 
enjoying the sweet smell. . . . 

The meat-eating animal, like the lion, gives one blow and subsides , but the 
patient bullock goes on all day, eating and sleeping as it walks. The "live 
Yankee" cannot compete with the rice-eating Chinese coolie. While military 
power dominates, meat-eating still prevail; but with the advance of science, 
fighting will grow less, and then the vegetarians will come in. 

* * * 

We divide ourselves into two to love God, myself loving my Self. God has 
created me and I have created God. We create God in our image; it is we who 
create Him to be our master, it is not God who makes us His servants. When 
we know that we are one with God, that we and He are friends, then come 
equality and freedom. So long as you hold yourself separated by a hair's 
breadth from this Eternal One, fear cannot go. 

Never ask that foolish question, what good will it do to the world? Let the 
world go. Love and ask nothing; love and look for nothing further. Love and 
forget all the "isms". Drink the cup of love and become mad. Say "Thine, O 
Thine for ever O Lord!" and plunge in, forgetting all else. The very idea of God 
is love. Seeing a cat loving her kittens stand and pray. God has become 
manifest there; literally believe this. Repeat "I am Thine, I am Thine", for we 
can see God everywhere. Do not seek for Him, just see Him. 

"May the Lord ever keep you alive, Light of the world, Soul of the universe!" . 



The Absolute cannot be worshipped, so we must worship a manifestation, such 
a one as has our nature. Jesus had our nature; he became the Christ; so can we, 
and so must we. Christ and Buddha were the names of a state to be attained; 
Jesus and Gautama were the persons to manifest it. "Mother" is the first and 



highest manifestation, next the Christs and Buddhas. We make our own 
environment, and we strike the fetters off. The Atman is the fearless. When we 
pray to a God outside, it is good, only we do not know what we do. When we 
know the Self, we understand. The highest expression of love is unification. 

"There was a time when I was a woman and he was a man. 

Still love grew until there was neither he nor I; 

Only I remember faintly there was a time when there were two. 

But love came between and made them one." 



Persian Sufi Poem 



Knowledge exists eternally and is co-existent with God. The man who 
discovers a spiritual law is inspired, and what he brings is revelation; but 
revelation too is eternal, not to be crystallised as final and then blindly 
followed. The Hindus have been criticised so many years by their conquerors 
that they (the Hindus) dare to criticise their religion themselves, and this makes 
them free. Their foreign rulers struck off their fetters without knowing it. The 
most religious people on earth, the Hindus have actually no sense of 
blasphemy; to speak of holy things in any way is to them in itself a 
sanctification. Nor have they any artificial respect for prophets or books, or for 
hypocritical piety. 

The Church tries to fit Christ into it, not the Church into Christ; so only those 
writings were preserved that suited the purpose in hand. Thus the books are not 
to be depended upon and book- worship is the worst kind of idolatry to bind our 
feet. All has to conform to the book — science, religion, philosophy; it is the 
most horrible tyranny, this tyranny of the Protestant Bible. Every man in 
Christian countries has a huge cathedral on his head and on top of that a book, 
and yet man lives and grows! Does not this prove that man is God? 

Man is the highest being that exists, and this is the greatest world. We can have 
no conception of God higher than man, so our God is man, and man is God. 
When we rise and go beyond and find something higher, we have to jump out 
of the mind, out of body and the imagination and leave this world; when we 
rise to be the Absolute, we are no longer in this world. Man is the apex of the 



only world we can ever know. All we know of animals is only by analogy, we 
judge them by what we do and feel ourselves. 

The sum total of knowledge is ever the same, only sometimes it is more 
manifested and sometimes less. The only source of it is within, and there only 
is it found. 



* * * 

All poetry, painting, and music is feeling expressed through words, through 
colour, through sound. . . . 

Blessed are those upon whom their sins are quickly visited, their account is the 
sooner balanced! Woe to those whose punishment is deferred, it is the greater! 

Those who have attained sameness are said to be living in God. All hatred is 
killing the "Self by the self", therefore love is the law of life. To rise to this is 
to be perfect; but the more perfect we are, less work (so-called) can we do. The 
Sattvika see and know that all is mere child's play and do not trouble 
themselves about anything. 

It is easy to strike a blow, but tremendously hard to stay the hand, stand still, 
and say, "In Thee, O Lord, I take refuge", and then wait for Him to act. 



» 



« 



Home / Complete -Works / Volume 7 / Inspired Talks / 



(Recorded by Miss S. E. Waldo, a disciple) 

Friday, July 5, 1895. 

Until you are ready to change any minute, you can never see the truth; but you 
must hold fast and be steady in the search for truth. . . . 

Charvakas, a very ancient sect in India, were rank materialists. They have died 
out now, and most of their books are lost. They claimed that the soul, being the 
product of the body and its forces, died with it; that there was no proof of its 
further existence. They denied inferential knowledge accepting only perception 
by the senses. 



* * * 

Samadhi is when the Divine and human are in one, or it is "bringing sameness". 



Materialism says, the voice of freedom is a delusion. Idealism says, the voice 
that tells of bondage is delusion. Vedanta says, you are free and not free at the 
same time — never free on the earthly plane, but ever free on the spiritual. 

Be beyond both freedom and bondage. 

We are Shiva, we are immortal knowledge beyond the senses. 

Infinite power is back of everyone; pray to Mother, and it will come to you. 

"O Mother, giver of Vak (eloquence), Thou self-existent, come as the Vak 
upon my-lips," (Hindu invocation). 

"That Mother whose voice is in the thunder, come Thou in me! Kali, Thou time 
eternal, Thou force irresistible, Shakti, Power!" 



» 



« 



Home / Complete -Works / Volume 7 / Inspired Talks / 



(Recorded by Miss S. E. Waldo, a disciple) 

SATURDAY, July 6, 1895. ( Today we had Shankar acharya's commentary on 
Vyasa's Vedanta Sutras .) 

Om tat sat! According to Shankara, there are two phases of the universe, one is 
I and the other thou; and they are as contrary as light and darkness, so it goes 
without saying that neither can be derived from the other. On the subject, the 
object has been superimposed; the subject is the only reality, the other a mere 
appearance. The opposite view is untenable. Matter and the external world are 
but the soul in a certain state; in reality there is only one. 

All our world comes from truth and untruth coupled together. Samsara (life) is 
the result of the contradictory forces acting upon us, like the diagonal motion of 
a ball in a parallelogram of forces. The world is God and is real, but that is not 
the world we see; just as we see silver in the mother-of-pearl where it is not. 
This is what is known as Adhyasa or superimposition, that is, a relative 
existence dependent upon a real one, as when we recall a scene we have seen; 
for the time it exists for us, but that existence is not real. Or some say, it is as 
when we imagine heat in water, which does not belong to it; so really it is 
something which has been put where it does not belong, "taking the thing for 
what it is not". We see reality, but distorted by the medium through which we 
see it. 

You can never know yourself except as objectified. When we mistake one 
thing for another, we always take the thing before us as the real, never the 
unseen; thus we mistake the object for the subject. The Atman never becomes 
the object. Mind is the internal sense, the outer senses are its instruments. In the 
subject is a trifle of the objectifying power that enables him to know "I am"; 
but the subject is the object of its own Self, never of the mind or the senses. 

You can, however, superimpose one idea on another idea, as when we say, 

"The sky is blue", the sky itself being only an idea. Science and nescience there 
are, but the Self is never affected by any nescience. Relative knowledge is 
good, because it leads to absolute knowledge; but neither the knowledge of the 



senses, nor of the mind, nor even of the Vedas is true, since they are all within 
the realm of relative knowledge. First get rid of the delusion, "I am the body", 
then only can we want real knowledge. Man's knowledge is only a higher 
degree of brute knowledge. 



* * * 

One part of the Vedas deals with Karma — form and ceremonies. The other 
part deals with the knowledge of Brahman and discusses religion. The Vedas in 
this part teach of the Self; and because they do, their knowledge is approaching 
real knowledge. Knowledge of the Absolute depends upon no book, nor upon 
anything; it is absolute in itself. No amount of study will give this knowledge; 
is not theory, it is realization. Cleanse the dust from the mirror, purify your 
own mind, and in a flash you know that you are Brahman. 

God exists, not birth nor death, not pain nor misery, nor murder, nor change, 
nor good nor evil; all is Brahman. We take the "rope for the serpent", the error 
is ours. . . . We can only do good when we love God and He reflects our love. 
The murderer is God, and the "clothing of murderer" is only superimposed 
upon him. Take him by the hand and tell him the truth. 

Soul has no caste, and to think it has is a delusion; so are life and death, or any 
motion or quality. The Atman never changes, never goes nor comes. It is the 
eternal Witness of all Its own manifestations, but we take It for the 
manifestation; an eternal illusion, without beginning or end, ever going on. The 
Vedas, however, have to come down to our level, for if they told us the highest 
truth in the highest way, we could not understand it. 

Heaven is a mere superstition arising from desire, and desire is ever a yoke, a 
degeneration. Never approach any thing except as God; for if we do, we see 
evil, because we throw a veil of delusion over what we look at, and then we see 
evil. Get free from these illusions; be blessed. Freedom is to lose all illusions. 

In one sense Brahman is known to every human being; he knows, "I am"; but 
man does not know himself as he is. We all know we are, but not how we are. 
All lower explanations are partial truths; but the flower, the essence of the 
Vedas, is that the Self in each of us is Brahman. Every phenomenon is included 



in birth, growth, and death — appearance, continuance and disappearance. Our 
own realisation is beyond the Vedas, because even they depend upon that. The 
highest Vedanta is the philosophy of the Beyond. 

To say that creation has any beginning is to lay the axe at the root of all 
philosophy. 

Maya is the energy of the universe, potential and kinetic. Until Mother releases 
us, we cannot get free. 

The universe is ours to enjoy. But want nothing. To want is weakness. Want 
makes us beggars, and we are sons of the king, not beggars. 



» 



« 



Home / Complete -Works / Volume 7 / Inspired Talks / 



(Recorded by Miss S. E. Waldo, a disciple) 

Sunday Morning, July 7, 1895. 

Infinite manifestation dividing itself in portion still remains infinite, and each 
portion is infinite.* 

Brahman is the same in two forms — changeable and unchangeable, expressed 
and unexpressed. Know that the Knower and the known are one. The Trinity — 
the Knower, the known, and knowing — is manifesting as this universe. That 
God the Yogi sees in meditation, he sees through the power of his own Self. 

What we call nature, fate, is simply God's will. 

So long as enjoyment is sought, bondage remains. Only imperfection can 
enjoy, because enjoyment is the fulfilling of desire. The human soul enjoys 
nature. The underlying reality of nature, soul, and God is Brahman; but It 
(Brahman) is unseen, until we bring It out. It may be brought out by Pramantha 
or friction, just as we can produce fire by friction. The body is the lower piece 
of wood, Om is the pointed piece and Dhyana (meditation) is the friction. 

When this is used, that light which is the knowledge of Brahman will burst 
forth in the soul. Seek it through Tapas. Holding the body upright, sacrifice the 
organs of sense in the mind. The sense-centres are within, and their organs 
without; drive them into the mind and through Dharana (concentration) fix the 
mind in Dhyana. Brahman is omnipresent in the universe as is butter in milk, 
but friction makes It manifest in one place. As churning brings out the butter in 
the milk, so Dhyana brings the realisation of Brahman in the soul. 

All Hindu philosophy declares that there is a sixth sense, the superconscious, 
and through it comes inspiration. 



* * * 



The universe is motion, and friction will eventually bring everything to an end; 
then comes a rest; and after that all begins again. . . . 



So long as the "skin sky" surrounds man, that is, so long as he identifies 
himself with his body, he cannot see God. 



Sunday Afternoon 

There are six schools of philosophy in India that are regarded as orthodox, 
because they believe in the Vedas. 

Vyasa's philosophy is par excellence that of the Upanishads. He wrote in Sutra 
form, that is, in brief algebraical symbols without nominative or verb. This 
caused so much ambiguity that out of the Sutras came dualism, mono-dualism, 
and monism or "roaring Vedanta"; and all the great commentators in these 
different schools were at times "conscious liars" in order to make the texts suit 
their philosophy. 

The Upanishads contain very little history of the doings of any man, but nearly 
all other scriptures are largely personal histories. The Vedas deal almost 
entirely with philosophy. Religion without philosophy runs into superstition; 
philosophy without religion becomes dry atheism. 

Vishishta-advaita is qualified Advaita (monism). Its expounder was Ramanuja. 
He says, "Out of the ocean of milk of the Vedas, Vyasa has churned this butter 
of philosophy, the better to help mankind." He says again, "All virtues and all 
qualities belong to Brahman, Lord of the universe. He is the greatest Purusha. 
Madhva is a through-going dualist or Dvaitist. He claims that even women 
might study the Vedas. He quotes chiefly from the Puranas. He says that 
Brahman means Vishnu, not Shiva at all, because there is no salvation except 
through Vishnu. 

» 



« 



Home / Complete -Works / Volume 7 / Inspired Talks / 



(Recorded by Miss S. E. Waldo, a disciple) 

Monday, July 8, 1895. 

There is no place for reasoning in Madhva's explanation, it is all taken from the 
revelation in the Vedas. 

Ramanuja says, the Vedas are the holiest study. Let the sons of the three upper 
castes get the Sutra (The holy thread.) and at eight, ten, or eleven years of age 
begin the study, which means going to a Guru and learning the Vedas word for 
word, with perfect intonation and pronunciation. 

Japa is repeating the Holy Name; through this the devotee rises to the Infinite. 
This boat of sacrifice and ceremonies is very frail, we need more than that to 
know Brahman, which alone is freedom. Liberty is nothing more than 
destruction of ignorance, and that can only go when we know Brahman. It is 
not necessary to go through all these ceremonials to reach the meaning of the 
Vedanta. Repeating Om is enough. 

Seeing difference is the cause of all misery, and ignorance is the cause of 
seeing difference. That is why ceremonials are not needed, because they 
increase the idea of inequality; you practice them to get rid of something or to 
obtain something. 

Brahman is without action, Atman is Brahman, and we are Atman; knowledge 
like this takes off all error. It must be heard, apprehended intellectually, and 
lastly realised. Cogitating is applying reason and establishing this knowledge in 
ourselves by reason. Realising is making it a part of our lives by constant 
thinking of it. This constant thought or Dhyana is as oil that pours in one 
unbroken line from vessel to vessel; Dhyana rolls the mind in this thought day 
and night and so helps us to attain to liberation. Think always "Soham, 

Soham"; this is almost as good as liberation. Say it day and night; realisation 
will come as the result of this continuous cogitation. This absolute and 
continuous remembrance of the Lord is what is meant by Bhakti. 



This Bhakti is indirectly helped by all good works. Good thoughts and good 
works create less differentiation than bad ones; so indirectly they lead to 
freedom. Work, but give up the results to the Lord. Knowledge alone can make 
us perfect. He who follows the God of Truth with devotion, to him the God of 
Truth reveals Himself. . . . We are lamps, and our burning is what we call 
"life". When the supply of oxygen gives out, then the lamp must go out. All we 
can do is to keep the lamp clean. Life is a product, a compound, and as such 
must resolve itself into its elements. 



» 



« 



Home / Complete -Works / Volume 7 / Inspired Talks / 



(Recorded by Miss S. E. Waldo, a disciple) 

Tuesday, July 9, 1895. 

Man as Atman is really free; as man he is bound, changed by every physical 
condition. As man, he is a machine with an idea of freedom; but this human 
body is the best and the human mind the highest mind there is. When a man 
attains to the Atman state, he can take a body, making it to suit himself; he is 
above law. This is a statement and must be proved. Each one must prove it for 
himself; we may satisfy ourselves, but we cannot satisfy another. Raja-Yoga is 
the only science of religion that can be demonstrated; and only what I myself 
have proved by experience, do I teach. The full ripeness of reason is intuition, 
but intuition cannot antagonise reason. 

Work purifies the heart and so leads to Vidya (wisdom). The Buddhists said, 
doing good to men and to animals were the only works; the Brahmins said that 
worship and all ceremonials were equally "work" and purified the mind. 
Shankara declares that "all works, good and bad, are against knowledge". 
Actions tending to ignorance are sins, not directly, but as causes, because they 
tend to increase Tamas and Rajas. With Sattva only, comes wisdom. Virtuous 
deeds take off the veil from knowledge, and knowledge alone can make us see 
God. 

Knowledge can never be created, it can only be discovered; and every man who 
makes a great discovery is inspired. Only, when it is a spiritual truth he brings, 
we call him a prophet; and when it is on the physical plane, we call him a 
scientific man, and we attribute more importance to the former, although the 
source of all truth is one. 

Shankara says, Brahman is the essence, the reality of all knowledge , and that all 
manifestations as knower, knowing, and known are mere imaginings in 
Brahman. Ramanuja attributes consciousness to God; the real monists attribute 
nothing, not even existence in any meaning that we can attach to it. Ramanuja 
declares that God is the essence of conscious knowledge. Undifferentiated 



consciousness, when differentiated, becomes the world. . . . 



Buddhism, one of the most philosophical religions in the world, spread all 
through the populace, the common people of India. What a wonderful culture 
there must have been among the Aryans twenty-five hundred years ago, to be 
able to grasp ideas ! 

Buddha was the only great Indian philosopher who would not recognise caste, 
and not one of his followers remains in India. All the other philosophers 
pandered more or less to social prejudices; no matter how high they soared, still 
a bit of the vulture remained in them. As my Master used to say, "The vulture 
soars high out of sight in the sky, but his eye is ever on a bit of carrion on the 
earth." 



* * * 

The ancient Hindus were wonderful scholars, veritable living encyclopaedias. 
They said, "Knowledge in books and money in other people's hands is like no 
knowledge and no money at all." 



Shankara was regarded by many as an incarnation of Shiva. 



» 



« 



Home / Complete -Works / Volume 7 / Inspired Talks / 



(Recorded by Miss S. E. Waldo, a disciple) 

Wednesday, July 10, 1895. 

There are sixty-five million Mohammedans in India, some of them Sufis.* 
Sufis identify man with God, and through them this idea came into Europe. 
They say, "I am that Truth"; but they have an esoteric as well as an exoteric 
doctrine, although Mohammed himself did not hold it. 

" Hashshashin "* has become our word "assassin", because an old sect of 
Mohammedanism killed nonbelievers as a part of its creed. 

A pitcher of water has to be present in the Mohammedan worship as a symbol 
of God filling the universe. 

The Hindus believe that there will be ten Divine Incarnations. Nine have been 
and the tenth is still to come. 



* * * 

Shankara sometimes resorts to sophistry in order to prove that the ideas in the 
books go to uphold his philosophy. Buddha was more brave and sincere than 
any teacher. He said: "Believe no book; the Vedas are all humbug. If they agree 
with me, so much the better for the books. I am the greatest book; sacrifice and 
prayer are useless." Buddha was the first human being to give to the world a 
complete system of morality. He was good for good's sake, he loved for love's 
sake. 

Shankara says: God is to be reasoned on, because the Vedas say so. Reason 
helps inspiration; books and realised reason — or individualized perception — 
both are proofs of God. The Vedas are, according to him, a sort of incarnation 
of universal knowledge. The proof of God is that He brought forth the Vedas, 
and the proof of the Vedas is that such wonderful books could only have been 
given out by Brahman. They are the mine of all knowledge, and they have 
come out of Him as a man breathes out air; therefore we know that He is 



infinite in power and knowledge. He may or may not have created the world, 
that is a trifle; to have produced the Vedas is more important! The world has 
come to know God through the Vedas; no other way there is. 

And so universal is this belief, held by Shankara, in the all-inclusiveness of the 
Vedas that there is even a Hindu proverb that if a man loses his cow, he goes to 
look for her in the Vedas! 

Shankara further affirms that obedience to ceremonial is not knowledge. 
Knowledge of God is independent of moral duties, or sacrifice or ceremonial, 
or what we think or do not think, just as the stump is not affected when one 
man takes it for a ghost and another sees it as it is. 

Vedanta is necessary because neither reasoning nor books can show us God. 

He is only to be realised by superconscious perception, and Vedanta teaches 
how to attain that. You must get beyond personal God (Ishvara) and reach the 
Absolute Brahman. God is the perception of every being: He is all there is to he 
perceived. That which says "I" is Brahman, but although we, day and night, 
perceive Him; we do not know that we are perceiving Him. As soon as we 
become aware of this truth, all misery goes; so we must get knowledge of the 
truth. Reach unity; no more duality will come. But knowledge does not come 
by sacrifice, but by seeking, worshipping, knowing the Atman. 

Brahmavidya is the highest knowledge, knowing the Brahman; lower 
knowledge is science. This is the teaching of the Mundakopanishad or the 
Upanishad for Sannyasins. There are two sorts of knowledge — principal and 
secondary. The unessential is that part of the Vedas dealing with worship and 
ceremonial, also all secular knowledge. The essential is that by which we reach 
the Absolute. It (the Absolute) creates all from Its own nature; there is nothing 
to cause, nothing outside. It is all energy, It is all there is. He who makes all 
sacrifices to himself, the Atman, he alone knows Brahman. Fools think outside 
worship the highest; fools think works can give us God. Only those who go 
through the Sushumna (the "path" of the Yogis) reach the Atman. They must 
go to a Guru to learn. Each part has the same nature as the whole; all springs 
from the Atman. Meditation is the arrow, the whole soul going out to God is 
the bow, which speeds the arrow to its mark, the Atman. As finite, we can 



never express the Infinite, but we are the Infinite. Knowing this we argue with 
no one. 

Divine wisdom is to be got by devotion, meditation, and chastity. "Truth alone 
triumphs, and not untruth. Through truth alone the way is spread to Brahman" 
— where alone love and truth are. 



» 



« 



Home / Complete -Works / Volume 7 / Inspired Talks / 



(Recorded by Miss S. E. Waldo, a disciple) 

Thursday, July 11, 1895. 

Without mother-love no creation could continue. Nothing is entirely physical, 
nor yet entirely metaphysical; one presupposes the other and explains the other. 
All Theists agree that there is a background to this visible universe, they differ 
as to the nature or character of that background. Materialists say there is no 
background. 

In all religions the superconscious state is identical. Hindus, Christians, 
Mohammedans, Buddhists, and even those of no creed, all have the very same 
experience when they transcend the body. . . . 

The purest Christians in the world were established in India by the Apostle 
Thomas about twenty-five years after the death of Jesus. This was while the 
Anglo-Saxons were still savages, painting their bodies and living in caves. The 
Christians in India once numbered about three millions, but now there are 
about one million. 

Christianity is always propagated by the sword. How wonderful that the 
disciples of such a gentle soul should kill so much! The three missionary 
religions are the Buddhist, Mohammedan, and Christian. The three older ones, 
Hinduism, Judaism and Zoroastrianism, never sought to make converts. 
Buddhists never killed, but converted three-quarters of the world at one time by 
pure gentleness. 

The Buddhists were the most logical agnostics. You can really stop nowhere 
between nihilism and absolutism. The Buddhists were intellectually all- 
destroyers, carrying their theory to its ultimate logical issue. The Advaitists 
also worked out their theory to its logical conclusion and reached the Absolute 
— one identified Unit Substance out of which all phenomena are being 
manifested. Both Buddhists and Advaitists have a feeling of identity and non- 
identity at the same time; one of these feelings must be false, and the other true. 
The nihilist puts the reality in non-identity, the realist puts the reality in 



identity; and this is the fight which occupies the whole world. This is the "tug- 
of-war". 

The realist asks, "How does the nihilist get any idea of identity?" How does the 
revolving light appear a circle? A point of rest alone explains motion. The 
nihilist can never explain the genesis of the delusion that there is a background; 
neither can the idealist explain how the One becomes the many. The only 
explanation must come from beyond the sense-plane; we must rise to the 
superconscious, to a state entirely beyond sense-perception. That metaphysical 
power is the further instrument that the idealist alone can use. He can 
experience the Absolute; the man Vivekananda can resolve himself into the 
Absolute and then come back to the man again. For him, then the problem is 
solved and secondarily for others, for he can show the way to others. Thus 
religion begins where philosophy ends. The "good of the world" will be that 
what is now superconscious for us will in ages to come be the conscious for all. 
Religion is therefore the highest work the world has; and because man has 
unconsciously felt this, he has clung through all the ages to the idea of religion. 

Religion, the great milch cow, has given many kicks, but never mind, it gives a 
great deal of milk. The milkman does not mind the kick of the cow which gives 
much milk. Religion is the greatest child to be born, the great "moon of 
realisation"; let us feed it and help it grow, and it will become a giant. King 
Desire and King Knowledge fought, and just as the latter was about to be 
defeated, he was reconciled to Queen Upanishad and a child was born to him, 
Realisation, who saved the victory to him. (From the Prabodha-chandrodaya, a 
Vedantic Sanskrit masque.) 

Love concentrates all the power of the will without effort, as when a man falls 
in love with a woman. 

The path of devotion is natural and pleasant. Philosophy is taking the mountain 
stream back to its force. It is a quicker method but very hard. Philospophy says, 
"Check everything." Devotion says, "Give the stream, have eternal self- 
surrender." It is a longer way, but easier and happier. 

"Thine am I for ever; henceforth whatever I do, it is Thou doing it. No more is 



there any me or mine." 



"Having no money to give, no brains to learn, no time to practice Yoga, to 
Thee, O sweet One, I give myself, to Thee my body and mind." 

No amount of ignorance or wrong ideas can put a barrier between the soul and 
God. Even if there be no God, still hold fast to love. It is better to die seeking a 
God than as a dog seeking only carrion. Choose the highest ideal, and give your 
life up to that. "Death being so certain, it is the highest thing to give up life for 
a great purpose." 

Love will painlessly attain to philosophy; then after knowledge comes 
Parabhakti (supreme devotion). 

Knowledge is critical and makes a great fuss over everything; but Love says, 
"God will show His real nature to me" and accepts all. 



RABBIA 

Rabbia, sick upon her bed, 

By two saints was visited — 

Holy Malik, Hassan wise — 

Men of mark in Moslem eyes. 

Hassan said, "Whose prayer is pure 
Will God's chastisements endure." 
Malik, from a deeper sense 
Uttered his experience: 

"He who loves his master's choice 
Will in chastisement rejoice ." 

Rabbia saw some selfish will 
In their maxims lingering still, 

And replied "O men of grace, 

He who sees his Master's face, 

Will not in his prayers recall 



That he is chastised at all !" 



Persian Poem 



« 



Home / Complete -Works / Volume 7 / Inspired Talks / 



(Recorded by Miss S. E. Waldo, a disciple) 

FRIDAY, July 12, 1895. (, Shankara's Commentary.) 

Fourth Vyasa Sutra. "Atman (is) the aim of all." 

Ishvara is to be known from the Vedanta; all Vedas point to Him (Who is the 
Cause; the Creator, Preserver and Destroyer). Ishvara is the unification of the 
Trinity, known as Brahma, Vishnu, and Shiva, which stand at the head of the 
Hindu Pantheon. "Thou art our Father who takest us to the other shore of the 
dark ocean" (Disciple's words to the Master). 

The Vedas cannot show you Brahman, you are That already; they can only help 
to take away the veil that hides the truth from our eyes. The first veil to vanish 
is ignorance; and when that is gone, sin goes; next desire ceases, selfishness 
ends, and all misery disappears. This cessation of ignorance can only come 
when I know that God and I are one; in other words, identify yourself with 
Atman, not with human limitations. DA-identify yourself with the body, and all 
pain will cease. This is the secret of healing. The universe is a case of 
hypnotisation; de-hypnotise yourself and cease to suffer. 

In order to be free we have to pass through vice to virtue, and then get rid of 
both. Tamas is to be conquered by Rajas, both are to be submerged in Sattva; 
then go beyond the three qualities. Reach a state where your very breathing is a 
prayer. 

Whenever you learn (gain anything) from another man's words, know that you 
had the experience in a previous existence, because experience is the only 
teacher. 

With all powers comes further misery, so kill desire. Getting any desire is like 
putting a stick into a nest of hornets. Vairagya is finding, out that desires are 
but gilded balls of poison. 



"Mind is not God" (Shankara). "Tat tvam asi" "Aham Brahmasmi" ("That thou 



art", "I am Brahman"). When a man realises this, all the knots of his heart are 
cut asunder, all his doubts vanish". Fearlessness is not possible as long as we 
have even God over us; we must be God. What is disjoined will be for ever 
disjoined; if you are separate from God, then you can never be one with Him, 
and vice versa. If by virtue you are joined to God, when that ceases, disjunction 
will come. The junction is eternal, and virtue only helps to remove the veil. We 
are azad (free), we must realise it. "Whom the Self chooses" means we are the 
Self and choose ourselves. 

Does seeing depend upon our own efforts or does it depend upon something 
outside? It depends upon ourselves; our efforts take off the dust, the mirror 
does not change. There is neither knower, knowing, nor known. "He who 
knows that he does not know, knows It." He who has a theory knows nothing. 

The idea that we are bound is only an illusion. 

Religion is not of this world; it is "heart-cleansing", and its effect on this world 
is secondary. Freedom is inseparable from the nature of the Atman. This is ever 
pure, ever perfect, ever unchangeable. This Atman you can never know. We 
can say nothing about the Atman but "not this, not this". 

"Brahman is that which we can never drive out by any power of mind or 
imagination." (Shankara). 



^ ^ * 

The universe is thought, and the Vedas are the words of this thought. We can 
create and uncreate this whole universe. Repeating the words, the unseen 
thought is aroused, and as a result a seen effect is produced. This is the claim of 
a certain sect of Karmis. They think that each one of us is a creator. Pronounce 
the words, the thought which corresponds will arise, and the result will become 
visible. "Thought is the power of the word, the word is the expression of the 
thought," say Mimamsakas, a Hindu philosophical sect. 



» 



« 



Home / Complete -Works / Volume 7 / Inspired Talks / 



(Recorded by Miss S. E. Waldo, a disciple) 

Saturday, July 13 th, 1895. 

Everything we know is a compound, and all sense-knowledge comes through 
analysis. To think that mind is a simple, single, or independent is dualism. 
Philosophy is not got by studying books; the more you read books, the more 
muddled becomes the mind. The idea of unthinking philosophers was that the 
mind was a simple, and this led them to believe in free-will. Psychology, the 
analysis of the mind, shows the mind to be a compound, and every compound 
must be held together by some outside force; so the will is bound by the 
combination of outside forces. Man cannot even will to eat unless he is hungry. 
Will is subject to desire. But we are free; everyone feels it. 

The agnostic says this idea is a delusion. Then, how do you prove the world? 
Its only proof is that we all see it and feel it; so just as much we all feel 
freedom. If universal consensus affirms this world, then it must be accepted as 
affirming freedom; but freedom is not of the will as it is. The constitutional 
belief of man in freedom is the basis of all reasoning. Freedom is of the will as 
it was before it became bound. The very idea of free-will shows every moment 
man's struggle against bondage. The free can be only one, the Unconditioned, 
the Infinite, the Unlimited. Freedom in man is now a memory, an attempt 
towards freedom. 

Everything in the universe is struggling to complete a circle, to return to its 
source, to return to its only real Source, Atman. The search for happiness is a 
struggle to find the balance, to restore the equilibrium. Morality is the struggle 
of the bound will to get free and is the proof that we have come from 
perfection. . . . 

The idea of duty is the midday sun of misery scorching the very soul. "O king, 
drink this one drop of nectar and be happy." ("I am not the doer", this is the 
nectar.) 

Eet there be action without reaction; action is pleasant, all misery is reaction. 



The child puts its hand in the flame, that is pleasure; but when its system reacts, 
then comes the pain of burning. When we can stop that reaction, then we have 
nothing to fear. Control the brain and do not let it read the record; be the 
witness and do not react, only thus can you be happy. The happiest moments 
we ever know are when we entirely forget ourselves. Work of your own free 
will, not from duty. We have no duty. This world is just a gymnasium in which 
we play; our life is an eternal holiday. 

The whole secret of existence is to have no fear. Never fear what will become 
of you, depend on no one. Only the moment you reject all help are you free. 

The full sponge can absorb no more. 

* * * 

Even fighting in self-defence is wrong, though it is higher than fighting in 
aggression. There is no "righteous" indignation, because indignation comes 
from not recognising sameness in all things. 

» 



« 



Home / Complete -Works / Volume 7 / Inspired Talks / 



(Recorded by Miss S. E. Waldo, a disciple) 

Sunday, July 14, 1895. 

Philosophy in India means that through which we see God, the rationale of 
religion; so no Hindu could ever ask for a link between religion and 
philosophy. 

Concrete, generalised, abstract are the three stages in the process of philosophy. 
The highest abstraction in which all things agree is the One. In religion we 
have first, symbols and forms; next, mythologies; and last, philosophy. The 
first two are for the time being; philosophy is the underlying basis of all, and 
the others are only stepping stones in the struggle to reach the Ultimate. 

In Western religion the idea is that without the New Testament and Christ there 
could be no religion. A similar belief exists in Judaism with regard to Moses 
and the Prophets, because these religions are dependent upon mythology only. 
Real religion, the highest, rises above mythology; it can never rest upon that. 
Modern science has really made the foundations of religion strong. That the 
whole universe is one, is scientifically demonstrable. What the metaphysicians 
call "being", the physicist calls "matter", but there is no real fight between the 
two, for both are one. Though an atom is invisible, unthinkable, yet in it are the 
whole power and potency of the universe. That is exactly what the Vedantist 
says of Atman. All sects are really saying the same thing in different words. 

Vedanta and modem science both posit a self-evolving Cause. In Itself are all 
the causes. Take for example the potter shaping a pot. The potter is the primal 
cause, the clay the material cause, and the wheel the instrumental cause; but the 
Atman is all three. Atman is cause and manifestation too. The Vedantist says 
the universe is not real, it is only apparent. Nature is God seen through 
nescience. The Pantheists say, God has become nature or this world; the 
Advaitists affirm that God is appearing as this world, but He is not this world. 

We can only know experience as a mental process, a fact in the mind as well as 
a mark in the brain. We cannot push the brain back or forward, but we can the 



mind; it can stretch over all time — past, present, and future; and so facts in the 
mind are eternally preserved. All facts are already generalised in mind, which 
is omnipresent.* 

Kant's great achievement was the discovery that "time, space, and causation are 
modes of thought," but Vedanta taught this ages ago and called it "Maya." 
Schopenhauer stands on reason only and rationalises the Vedas. . . . Shankara 
maintained the orthodoxy of the Vedas. 

* * * 

"Treeness" or the idea of "tree", found out among trees is knowledge, and the 
highest knowledge is One. . . . 

Personal God is the last generalization of the universe, only hazy, not clear-cut 
and philosophic. . . . 

Unity is self-evolving, out of which everything comes. 

Physical science is to find out facts, metaphysics is the thread to bind the 
flowers into a bouquet. Every abstraction is metaphysical; even putting manure 
at the root of a tree involves a process of abstraction. . . . 

Religion includes the concrete, the more generalized and the ultimate unity. Do 
not stick to particularisations. Get to the principle, to the One. . . . 

Devils are machines of darkness, angels are machines of light; but both are 
machines. Man alone is alive. Break the machine, strike the balance* and then 
man can become free. This is the only world where man can work out his 
salvation. 

"Whom the Self chooses" is true. Election is true, but put it within. As an 
external and fatalistic doctrine, it is horrible. 



» 



« 



Home / Complete -Works / Volume 7 / Inspired Talks / 



(Recorded by Miss S. E. Waldo, a disciple) 

Monday, July 15, 1895. 

Where there is polyandry, as in Tibet, women are physically stronger than the 
men. When the English go there, these women carry large men up the 
mountains. 

In Malabar, although of course polyandry does not obtain there, the women 
lead in everything. Exceptional cleanliness is apparent everywhere and there is 
the greatest impetus to learning. When I myself was in that country, I met many 
women who spoke good Sanskrit, while in the rest of India not one woman in a 
million can speak it. Mastery elevates, and servitude debases. Malabar has 
never been conquered either by the Portuguese or by the Mussulmans. 

The Dravidians were a non- Aryan race of Central Asia who preceded the 
Aryans, and those of Southern India were the most civilised. Women with them 
stood higher than men. They subsequently divided, some going to Egypt, others 
to Babylonia, and the rest remaining in India. 



» 



« 



Home / Complete -Works / Volume 7 / Inspired Talks / 



(Recorded by Miss S. E. Waldo, a disciple) 

TUESDAY, July 16, 1895. (Shankar a) 

The "unseen cause" (Or mass of subtle impressions.) leads us to sacrifice and 
worship, which in turn produce seen results; but to attain liberation we must 
first hear, then think or reason, and then meditate upon Brahman. 

The result of works and the result of knowledge are two different things. "Do" 
and "Do not do" are the background of all morality, but they really belong only 
to the body and the mind. All happiness and misery are inextricably connected 
with the senses, and body is necessary to experience them. The higher the 
body, the higher the standard of virtue, even up to Brahma; but all have bodies. 
As long as there is a body, there must be pleasure and pain; only when one has 
got rid of the body can one escape them. The Atman is bodiless, says Shankara. 

No law can make you free, you are free. Nothing can give you freedom, if you 
have it not already. The Atman is self-illumined. Cause and effect do not reach 
there, and this disembodiedness is freedom. Beyond what was, or is, or is to be, 
is Brahman. As an effect, freedom would have no value; it would be a 
compound, and as such would contain the seeds of bondage. It is the one real 
factor. Not to be attained, hut the real nature of the soul. 

Work and worship, however, are necessary to take away the veil, to lift oh the 
bondage and illusion. They do not give us freedom; but all the same, without 
effort on our own part we do not open our eyes and see what we are. Shankara 
says further that Advaita- Vedanta is the crowning glory of the Vedas; hut the 
lower Vedas are also necessary, because they teach work and worship, and 
through these many come to the Lord. Others may come without any help but 
Advaita. Work and worship lead to the same result as Advaita. 

Books cannot teach God, but they can destroy ignorance; their action is 
negative. To hold to the books and at the same time open the way to freedom is 
Shankara's great achievement. But after all, it is a kind of hair-splitting. Give 
man first the concrete, then raise him to the highest by slow degrees. This is the 



effort of the various religions and explains their existence and why each is 
suited to some stage of development. The very books are a part of the 
ignorance they help to dispel. Their duty is to drive out the ignorance that has 
come upon knowledge. "Truth shall drive out untruth." You are free and cannot 
he made so. So long as you have a creed, you have no God. "He who knows he 
knows, knows nothing." Who can know the Knower? There are two eternal 
facts in existence, God and the universe, the former unchangeable, the latter 
changeable. The world exists eternally. Where your mind cannot grasp the 
amount of change, you call it eternally. ... You see the stone or the bas-relief 
on it, but not both at once; yet both are one. 

* ^ * 

Can you make yourself at rest even for a second? All Yogis say you can. . . . 

The greatest sin is to think yourself weak. No one is greater, realise you are 
Brahman. Nothing has power except what you give it. We are beyond the sun, 
the stars, the universe. Teach the Godhood of man. Deny evil, create none. 
Stand up and say, I am the master, the master of all. We forge the chain, and 
we alone can break it. 

No action can give you freedom; only knowledge can make you free, 
Knowledge is irresistible; the mind cannot take it or reject it. When it comes 
the mind has to accept it; so it is not a work of the mind; only, its expression 
comes in the mind. 

Work or worship is to bring you back to your own nature. It is an entire illusion 
that the Self is the body; so even while living here in the body, we can be free. 
The body has nothing in common with the Self. Illusion is taking the real for 
the unreal — not "nothing at all". 



» 



« 



Home / Complete -Works / Volume 7 / Inspired Talks / 



(Recorded by Miss S. E. Waldo, a disciple) 

Wednesday, July 17, 1895. 

Ramanuja divides the universe into Chit, Achit, and Ishvara — man, nature, 
and God; conscious, subconscious, and superconscious. Shankara, on the 
contrary, says that Chit, the soul, is the same as God. God is truth, is 
knowledge, is infinity; these are not qualities. Any thought of God is a 
qualification, and all that can be said of Him is "Om tat sat". 

Shankara further asks, can you see existence separate from everything else? 
Where is the differentiation between two objects? Not in sense-perception, else 
all would be one in it. We have to perceive in sequence. In getting knowledge 
of what a thing is, we get also something which it is not. The differentiae are in 
the memory and are got by comparison with what is stored there. Difference is 
not in the nature of a thing, it is in the brain. Homogeneous one is outside, 
differentiae are inside (in the mind); so the idea of "many" is the creation of the 
mind. 

Differentiae become qualities when they are separate but joined in one object. 
We cannot say positively what differentiation is. All that we see and feel about 
things is pure and simple existence, "isness". All else is in us. Being is the only 
positive proof we have of anything. All differentiation is really "secondary 
reality", as the snake in the rope, because the serpent, too, had a certain reality, 
in that something was seen although misapprehended. When the knowledge of 
the rope becomes negative, the knowledge of the snake becomes positive, and 
vice versa; but the fact that you see only one does not prove that the other is 
non-existent. The idea of the world is an obstruction covering the idea of God 
and is to be removed, but it does have an existence. 

Shankara says again, perception is the last proof of existence. It is self- 
effulgent and self-conscious, because to go beyond the senses we should still 
need perception. Perception is independent of the senses, of all instruments, 
unconditioned. There can be no perception without consciousness; perception 



has self-luminosity, which in a lesser degree is called consciousness. Not one 
act of perception can be unconscious; in fact, consciousness is the nature of 
perception. Existence and perception are one thing, not two things joined 
together. That which is infinite; so, as perception is the last it is eternal. It is 
always subjective; is its own perceiver. Perception is not: perception brings 
mind. It is absolute, the only knower, so perception is really the Atman. 
Perception itself perceives, but the Atman cannot be a knower, because a 
"knower" becomes such by the action of knowledge; but, Shankara says, "This 
Atman is not I", because the consciousness "I am" (Aham) is not in the Atman. 
We are but the reflections of that Atman; and Atman and Brahman are one. 

When you talk and think of the Absolute, you have to do it in the relative; so all 
these logical arguments apply. In Yoga, perception and realisation are one. 
Vishishtadvaita, of which Ramanuja is the exponent, is seeing partial unity and 
is a step toward Advaita. Vishishta means differentiation. Prakriti is the nature 
of the world, and change comes upon it. Changeful thoughts expressed in 
changeful words can never prove the Absolute. You reach only something that 
is minus certain qualities, not Brahman Itself; only a verbal unification, the 
highest abstraction, but not the nonexistence of the relative. 



» 



« 



Home / Complete -Works / Volume 7 / Inspired Talks / 



(Recorded by Miss S. E. Waldo, a disciple) 

Thursday, July 18, 1895. 

(The lesson today was mainly Shankara's argument against the conclusion of 
the Sankhya philosophy.) 

The Sankhyas say that consciousness is a compound, and beyond that, the last 
analysis gives us the Purusha, Witness, but that there are many Purushas — 
each of us is one. Advaita, on the contrary, affirms that Purushas can be only 
One, that Purusha cannot be conscious, unconscious, or have any qualification, 
for either these qualities would bind, or they would eventually cease; so the 
One must be without any qualities, even knowledge, and It cannot be the cause 
of the universe or of anything. "In the beginning, existence only, One without a 
second", says the Vedas. 



* * ^ 

The presence of Sattva with knowledge does not prove that Sattva is the cause 
of knowledge; on the contrary, Sattva calls out what was already existing in 
man, as the fire heats an iron ball placed near it by arousing the heat latent in it, 
not by entering into the ball. 

Shankara says, knowledge is not a bondage, because it is the nature of God. 

The world ever is, whether manifested or unmanifested; so an eternal object 
exists. 

Jndna-bala-kriya (knowledge, power, activity) is God. Nor does He need form, 
because the finite only needs form to interpose as an obstruction to catch and 
hold infinite knowledge; but God really needs no such help. There is no 
"moving soul", there is only one Atman. Jiva (individual soul) is the conscious 
ruler of this body, in whom the five life principles come into unity, and yet that 
very Jiva is the Atman, because all is Atman. What you think about it is your 
delusion and not in the Jiva. You are God, and whatever else you may think is 
wrong. You must worship the Self in Krishna, not Krishna as Krishna. Only by 



worshipping the Self can freedom be won. Even personal God is but the Self 
objectified. "Intense search after my own reality is Bhakti", says Shankara. 

All the means we take to reach God are true; it is only like trying to find the 
pole-star by locating it through the stars that are around it. 

* * * 



The Bhagavad-Gita is the best authority on Vedanta. 



« 



Home / Complete -Works / Volume 7 / Inspired Talks / 



(Recorded by Miss S. E. Waldo, a disciple) 

Friday, July 19, 1895. 

So long as I say "you", I have the right to speak of God protecting us. When I 
see another, I must take all the consequences and put in the third, the ideal, 
which stands between us; that is the apex of the triangle. The vapour becomes 
snow, then water, then Ganga; but when it is vapour, there is no Ganga, and 
when it is water, we think of no vapour in it. The idea of creation or change is 
inseparably connected with will. So long as we perceive this world in motion, 
we have to conceive will behind it. Physics proves the utter delusion of the 
senses; nothing really is as ever see, hear, feel, smell, taste it. Certain vibrations 
producing certain results affect our senses; we know only relative truth. 

The Sanskrit word for truth is "isness" (Sat). From our present standpoint, this 
world appears to us as will and consciousness. Personal God is as much an 
entity for Himself as we are for ourselves, and no more. God can also be seen 
as a form, just as we are seen. As men, we must have a God; as God, we need 
none. This is why Shri Ramakrishna constantly saw the Divine Mother ever 
present with him, more real than any other thing around him; but in Samadhi 
all went but the Self. Personal God comes nearer and nearer until He melts 
away, and there is no more Personal God and no more "I", all is merged in Self. 

Consciousness is a bondage. The argument from design claims that intelligence 
precedes form; but if intelligence is the cause of anything, it itself is in its turn 
an effect. It is Maya. God creates us, and we create God, and this is Maya. The 
circle is unbroken; mind creates body, and body creates mind; the egg brings 
the chicken, the chicken the egg; the tree the seed, the seed the tree. The world 
is neither entirely differentiated nor yet entirely homogeneous. Man is free and 
must rise above both sides. Both are right in their place; but to reach truth, 
"isness", we must transcend all that we now know of existence, will, 
consciousness, doing, going, knowing. There is no real individuality of the Jiva 
(separate soul); eventually it, as a compound, will go to pieces. Only that which 
is beyond further analysis is "simple", and that alone is truth, freedom, 



immortality, bliss. All struggles for the preservation of this illusive 
individuality are really vices. All struggles to lose this individuality are virtues. 
Everything in the universe is trying to break down this individuality, either 
consciously or unconsciously. All morality is based upon the destruction of 
separateness or false individuality, because that is the cause of all sin. Morality 
exists first; later, religion codifies it. Customs come first, and then mythology 
follows to explain them. While things are happening, they come by a higher 
law than reasoning; that arises later in the attempt to understand them. 
Reasoning is not the motive power, it is "chewing the cud" afterwards. Reason 
is the historian of the actions of the human beings. 

* * * 

Buddha was a great Vedantist (for Buddhism was really only an offshoot of 
Vedanta), and Shankara is often called a "hidden Buddhist". Buddha made the 
analysis, Shankara made the synthesis out of it. Buddha never bowed down to 
anything — neither Veda, nor caste, nor priest, nor custom. He fearlessly 
reasoned so far as reason could take him. Such a fearless search for truth and 
such love for every living thing the world has never seen. Buddha was the 
Washington of the religious world; he conquered a throne only to give it to the 
world, as Washington did to the American people. He sought nothing for 
himself. 



» 



« 



Home / Complete -Works / Volume 7 / Inspired Talks / 



(Recorded by Miss S. E. Waldo, a disciple) 

Saturday, July 20, 1895. 

Perception is our only real knowledge or religion. Talking about it for ages 
will never make us know our soul. There is no difference between theories and 
atheism. In fact, the atheist is the truer man. Every step I take in the light is 
mine for ever. When you go to a country and see it, then it is yours. We have 
each to see for ourselves; teachers can only "bring the food", we must eat it to 
be nourished. Argument can never prove God save as a logical conclusion. 

It is impossible to find God outside of ourselves. Our own souls contribute all 
the divinity that is outside of us. We are the greatest temple. The objectification 
is only a faint imitation of what we see within ourselves. 

Concentration of the powers of the mind is our only instrument to help us see 
God. If you know one soul (your own), you know all souls, past, present, and to 
come. The will concentrates the mind, certain things excite and control this 
will, such as reason, love, devotion, breathing. The concentrated mind is a lamp 
that shows us every corner of the soul. 

No one method can suit all. These different methods are not steps necessary to 
be taken one after another. Ceremonials are the lowest form; next God external, 
and after that God internal. In some cases gradation may be needed, but in 
many only one way is required. It would be the height of folly to say to 
everyone, "You must pass through Karma and Bhakti before you can reach 
Jnana." 

Stick to your reason until you reach something higher; and you will know it to 
be higher, because it will not jar with reason. The stage beyond consciousness 
is inspiration (Samadhi); but never mistake hysterical trances for the real thing. 
It is a terrible thing to claim this inspiration falsely, to mistake instinct for 
inspiration. There is no external test for inspiration, we know it ourselves; our 
guardian against mistake is negative — the voice of reason. All religion is 
going beyond reason, but reason is the only guide to get there. Instinct is like 



ice, reason is the water, and inspiration is the subtlest form or vapour; one 
follows the other. Everywhere is this eternal sequence — unconsciousness, 
consciousness, intelligence — matter, body, mind — and to us it seems as if 
the chain began with the particular link we first lay hold of. Arguments on both 
sides are of equal weight, and both are true. We must reach beyond both, to 
where there is neither the one nor the other. These successions are all Maya. 

Religion is above reason, supernatural. Faith is not belief, it is the grasp on the 
Ultimate, an illumination. First hear, then reason and find out all that reason 
can give about the Atman; let the flood of reason flow over It, then take what 
remains. If nothing remains, thank God you have escaped a superstition. When 
you have determined that nothing can take away the Atman, that It stands every 
test, hold fast to this and teach it to all. Truth cannot be partial; it is for the 
good of all. Finally, in perfect rest and peace meditate upon It, concentrate your 
mind upon It, make yourself one with It. Then no speech is needed; silence will 
carry the truth. Do not spend your energy in talking, but meditate in silence; 
and do not let the rush of the outside world disturb you. When your mind is in 
the highest state, you are unconscious of it. Accumulate power in silence and 
become a dynamo of spirituality. What can a beggar give? Only a king can 
give, and he only when he wants nothing himself. 

Hold your money merely as custodian for what is God's. Have no attachment 
for it. Fet name and fame and money go; they are a terrible bondage. Feel the 
wonderful atmosphere of freedom. You are free, free, free! Oh, blessed am I! 
Freedom am I! I am the Infinite! In my soul I can find no beginning and no 
end. All is my Self. Say this unceasingly. 



» 



« 



Home / Complete -Works / Volume 7 / Inspired Talks / 



(Recorded by Miss S. E. Waldo, a disciple) 

SUNDAY, July 21, 1895. (Patanjali 's Yoga Aphorisms) 

Yoga is the science of restraining the Chitta (mind) from breaking into Vrittis 
(modifications). Mind is a mixture of sensation and feelings, or action and 
reaction; so it cannot be permanent. The mind has a fine body and through this 
it works on the gross body. Vedanta says that behind the mind is the real Self. 

It accepts the other two, but posits a third, the Eternal, the Ultimate, the last 
analysis, the unit, where there is no further compound. Birth is re-composition, 
death is ^-composition, and the final analysis is where Atman is found; there 
being no further division possible, the perdurable is reached. 

The whole ocean is present at the back of each wave, and all manifestations are 
waves, some very big, some small; yet all are the ocean in their essence, the 
whole ocean; but as waves each is a part. When the waves are stilled, then all is 
one; "a spectator without a spectacle", says Patanjali. When the mind is active, 
the Atman is mixed up with it. The repetition of old forms in quick succession 
is memory. 

Be unattached. Knowledge is power, and getting one you get the other. By 
knowledge you can even banish the material world. When you can mentally get 
rid of one quality after another from any object until all are gone, you can at 
will make the object itself disappear from your consciousness. 

Those who are ready, advance very quickly and can become Yogis in six 
months. The less developed may take several years; and anyone by faithful 
work and by giving up everything else and devoting himself solely to practice 
can reach the goal in twelve years. Bhakti will bring you there without any of 
these mental gymnastics, but it is a slower way. 

Ishvara is the Atman as seen or grasped by mind. His highest name is Om; so 
repeat it, meditate on it, and think of all its wonderful nature and attributes. 
Repeating the Om continually is the only true worship. It is not a word, it is 
God Himself. 



Religion gives you nothing new; it only takes off obstacles and lets you see 
your Self. Sickness is the first great obstacle; a healthy body is the best 
instrument. Melancholy is an almost insuperable barrier. If you have once 
known Brahman, never after can you be melancholy. Doubt, want of 
perseverance, mistaken ideas are other obstacles. 

* * * 

Pranas are subtle energies, sources of motion. There are ten in all, five inward 
and five outward. One great current flows upwards, and the other downwards. 
Pranayama is controlling the Pranas through breathing. Breath is the fuel, Prana 
is the steam, and the body is the engine. Pranayama has three parts, Puraka (in- 
breathing), Kumbhaka (holding the breath), Rechaka (out-breathing). . . . 

The Guru is the conveyance in which the spiritual influence is brought to you. 
Anyone can teach, but the spirit must be passed on by the Guru to the Shishya 
(disciple), and that will fructify. The relation between Shishyas is that of 
brotherhood, and this is actually accepted by law in India. The Guru passes the 
thought power, the Mantra, that he has received from those before him; and 
nothing can be done without a Guru. In fact, great danger ensues. Usually 
without a Guru, these Yoga practices lead to lust; but with one, this seldom 
happens. Each Ishta has a Mantra. The Ishta is the ideal peculiar to the 
particular worshipper; the Mantra is the external word to express it. Constant 
repetition of the word helps to fix the ideal firmly in the mind. This method of 
worship prevails among religious devotees all over India. 



» 



« 



Home / Complete -Works / Volume 7 / Inspired Talks / 



(Recorded by Miss S. E. Waldo, a disciple) 

TUESDAY, July 23, 1895. ( Bhagavad-Gita , Karma-Yoga ) 

To attain liberation through work, join yourself to work but without desire, 
looking for no result. Such work leads to knowledge, which in turn brings 
emancipation. To give up work before you know , leads to misery. Work done 
for the Self gives no bondage. Neither desire pleasure nor fear pain from work. 
It is the mind and body that work, not I. Tell yourself this unceasingly and 
realise it. Try not to know that you work. 

Do all as a sacrifice or offering to the Lord. Be in the world, but not of it, like 
the lotus leaf whose roots are in the mud but which remains always pure. Let 
your love go to all, whatever they do to you. A blind man cannot see colour, so 
how can we see evil unless it is in us? We compare what we see outside with 
what we find in ourselves and pronounce judgment accordingly. If we are pure, 
we cannot see impurity. It may exist, but not for us. See only God in every 
man, woman and child; see it by the antarjyotis , "inner light", and seeing that, 
we can see naught else. Do not want this world, because what you desire you 
get. Seek the Lord and the Lord only. The more power there is, the more 
bondage, the more fear. How much more afraid and miserable are we than the 
ant! Get out of it all and come to the Lord. Seek the science of the maker and 
not that of the made. 

"I am the doer and the deed." "He who can stem the tide of lust and anger is a 
great Yogi." 

"Only by practice and non- attachment can we conquer mind." . . . 

Our Hindu ancestors sat down and thought on God and morality, and so have 
we brains to use for the same ends; but in the rush of trying to get gain, we are 
likely to lose them again. 



The body has in itself a certain power of curing itself and many things can 
rouse this curative power into action, such as mental conditions, or medicine, 
or exercise, etc. As long as we are disturbed by physical conditions, so long we 
need the help of physical agencies. Not until we have got rid of bondage to the 
nerves, can we disregard them. 

There is the unconscious mind, but it is below consciousness, which is just one 
part of the human organism. Philosophy is guess-work about the mind. 

Religion is based upon sense contact, upon seeing, the only basis of 

/V 

knowledge. What comes in contact with the superconscious mind is fact. Aptas 
are those who have "sensed" religion. The proof is that if you follow their 
method, you too will see. Each science requires its own particular method and 
instruments. An astronomer cannot show you the rings of Saturn by the aid of 
all the pots and pans in the kitchen. He needs a telescope. So, to see the great 
facts of religion, the methods of those who have already seen must be followed. 
The greater the science the more varied the means of studying it. Before we 
came into the world, God provided the means to get out; so all we have to do is 
to find the means. But do not fight over methods. Look only for realisation and 
choose the best method you can find to suit you. Eat the mangoes and let the 
rest quarrel over the basket. See Christ, then you will be a Christian. All else is 
talk; the less talking the better. 

The message makes the messenger. The Lord makes the temple; not vice versa. 

Learn until "the glory of the Lord shines through your face", as it shone 
through the face of Shvetaketu. 

Guess against guess makes fight; but talk of what you have been, and no 
human heart can resist it. Paul was converted against his will by realisation. 



TUESDAY Afternoon. (After dinner there was a short conversation in the 
course of which the Swami said :) 

Delusion creates delusion. Delusion creates itself and destroys itself, such is 
Maya. All knowledge (so-called), being based on Maya, is a vicious circle, and 



in time that very knowledge destroys itself. "Let go the rope", delusion cannot 
touch the Atman. When we lay hold of the rope — identify ourselves with 
Maya — she has power over us. Let go of it, be the Witness only, then you can 
admire the picture of the universe undisturbed. 



» 



« 



Home / Complete -Works / Volume 7 / Inspired Talks / 



(Recorded by Miss S. E. Waldo, a disciple) 

Wednesday, July 24, 1895. 

The powers acquired by the practice of Yoga are not obstacles for the Yogi 
who is perfect, but are apt to be so for the beginner, through the wonder and 
pleasure excited by their exercise. Siddhis are the powers which mark success 
in the practice; and they may be produced by various means, such as the 
repetition of a Mantra, by Yoga practice, meditation, fasting, or even by the use 
of herbs and drugs. The Yogi, who has conquered all interest in the powers 
acquired and who renounces all virtue arising from his actions, comes into the 
"cloud of virtue" (name of one of the states of Samadhi) and radiates holiness 
as a cloud rains water. 

Meditation is on a series of objects, concentration is on one object. 

Mind is cognised by the Atman, but it is not self-illuminated. The Atman 
cannot be the cause of anything. How can it be? How can the Purusha join 
itself to Prakriti (nature)? It does not; it is only illusively thought to do so. . . . 

Learn to help without pitying or feeling that there is any misery. Learn to be the 
same to enemy and to friend; then when you can do that and no longer have 
any desire, the goal is attained. 

Cut down the banyan tree of desire with the axe of non- attachment, and it will 
vanish utterly. It is all illusion. "He from whom blight and delusion have fallen, 
he who has conquered the evils of association, he alone is azad (free)." 

To love anyone personally is bondage. Love all alike, then all desires fall off. 

Time, the "eater of everything", comes, and all has to go. Why try to improve 
the earth, to paint the butterfly? It all has to go at last. Do not be mere white 
mice in a treadmill, working always and never accomplishing anything. Every 
desire is fraught with evil, whether the desire itself be good or evil. It is like a 
dog jumping for a piece of meat which is ever receding from his reach, and 



dying a dog's death at last. Do not be like that. Cut off all desire. 

* * ^ 

Paramatman as ruling Maya is Ishvara; Paramatman as under Maya is 
Jivatman. Maya is the sum total of manifestation and will utterly vanish. 

Tree-nature is Maya, it is really God-nature which we see under the veil of 
Maya. The "why" of anything is in Maya. To ask why Maya came is a useless 
question, because the answer can never be given in Maya, and beyond Maya 
who will ask it? Evil creates "why", not "why" the evil, and it is evil that asks 
"why". Illusion destroys illusion. Reason itself, being based upon contradiction, 
is a circle and has to kill itself. Sense-perception is an inference, and yet all 
inference comes from perception. 

Ignorance reflecting the light of God is seen; but by itself it is zero. The cloud 
would not appear except as the sunlight falls on it. 

There were four travellers who came to a high wall. The first one climbed with 
difficulty to the top and without looking back, jumped over. The second 
clambered up the wall, looked over, and with a shout of delight disappeared. 
The third in his turn climbed to the top, looked where his companions had 
gone, laughed with joy, and followed them. But the fourth one came back to 
tell what had happened to his fellow-travellers. The sign to us that there is 
something beyond is the laugh that rings back from those great ones who have 
plunged from Maya's wall. 



* * ^ 

Separating ourselves from the Absolute and attributing certain qualities to It 
give us Ishvara. It is the Reality of the universe as seen through our mind. 
Personal devil is the misery of the world seen through the minds of the 
superstitious. 



» 



« 



Home / Complete -Works / Volume 7 / Inspired Talks / 



(Recorded by Miss S. E. Waldo, a disciple) 

THURSDAY, July 25, 1895. (. Patanjali's Yoga Aphorisms) 

"Things may be done, caused to be done, or approved of", and the effect upon 
us is nearly equal. 

Complete continence gives great intellectual and spiritual power. The 
Brahmacharin must be sexually pure in thought, word, and deed. Lose regard 
for the body; get rid of the consciousness of it so far as possible. 

Asana (posture) must be steady and pleasant; and constant practice, identifying 
the mind with the Infinite, will bring this about. 

Continual attention to one object is contemplation. 

When a stone is thrown into still water, many circles are made, each distinct 
but all interacting; so with our minds; only in us the action is unconscious, 
while with the Yogi it is conscious. We are spiders in a web, and Yoga practice 
will enable us like the spider to pass along any strand of the web we please. 
Non- Yogis are bound to the particular spot where they are. 

* * * 

To injure another creates bondage and hides the truth. Negative virtues are not 
enough; we have to conquer Maya, and then she will follow us. We only 
deserve things when they cease to bind us. When the bondage ceases, really 
and truly, all things come to us. Only those who want nothing are masters of 
nature. 

Take refuge in some soul who has already broken his bondage, and in time he 
will free you through his mercy. Higher still is to take refuge in the Lord 
(Ishvara), but it is the most difficult; only once in a century can one be found 
who has really done it. Feel nothing, know nothing, do nothing, have nothing, 
give up all to God, and say utterly, "Thy will be done". We only dream this 



bondage. Wake up and let it go. Take refuge in God, only so can we cross the 
desert of Maya. "Let go thy hold, Sannyasin bold, say, Om tat sat, Om!" 

It is our privilege to be allowed to be charitable, for only so can we grow. The 
poor man suffers that we may be helped; let the giver kneel down and give 
thanks, let the receiver stand up and permit. See the Lord back of every being 
and give to Him. When we cease to see evil, the world must end for us, since to 
rid us of that mistake is its only object. To think there is any imperfection 
creates it. Thoughts of strength and perfection alone can cure it. Do what good 
you can, some evil will inhere in it; but do all without regard to personal result, 
give up all results to the Lord, then neither good nor evil will affect you. 

Doing work is not religion, but work done rightly leads to freedom. In reality 
all pity is darkness, because whom to pity? Can you pity God? And is there 
anything else? Thank God for giving you this world as a moral gymnasium to 
help your development, but never imagine you can help the world. Be grateful 
to him who curses you, for he gives you a mirror to show what cursing is, also 
a chance to practise self-restraint; so bless him and be glad. Without exercise, 
power cannot come out; without the mirror, we cannot see ourselves. 

Unchaste imagination is as bad as unchaste action. Controlled desire leads to 
the highest result. Transform the sexual energy into spiritual energy, but do not 
emasculate, because that is throwing away the power. The stronger this force, 
the more can be done with it. Only a powerful current of water can do 
hydraulic mining. 

What we need today is to know there is a God and that we can see and feel Him 
here and now. A Chicago professor says, "Take care of this world, God will 
take care of the next." What nonsense! If we can take care of this world, what 
need of a gratuitous Lord to take care of the other! 



» 



« 



Home / Complete -Works / Volume 7 / Inspired Talks / 



(Recorded by Miss S. E. Waldo, a disciple) 

FRIDAY, July 26, 1895. ( Brihadaranyakopanishad .) 

Love all things only through and for the Self. Yajnavalkya said to Maitreyi, his 
wife, "Through the Atman we know all things." The Atman can never be the 
object of knowledge, nor can the Knower be known. He who knows he is the 
Atman, he is law unto himself. He knows he is the universe and its creator. . . . 

Perpetuating old myths in the form of allegories and giving them undue 
importance fosters superstition and is really weakness. Truth must have no 
compromise. Teach truth and make no apology for any superstition; neither 
drag truth to the level of the listener. 



» 



« 



Home / Complete -Works / Volume 7 / Inspired Talks / 



(Recorded by Miss S. E. Waldo, a disciple) 

SATURDAY, July 27, 1895. (. Kathopanishad ) 

Learn not the truth of the Self save from one who has realised it; in all others it 
is mere talk. Realisation is beyond virtue and vice, beyond future and past; 
beyond all the pairs of opposites. "The stainless one sees the Self, and an 
eternal calm comes in the Soul." Talking, arguing, and reading books, the 
highest flights of the intellect, the Vedas themselves, all these cannot give 
knowledge of the Self. 

In us are two — The God- soul and the man- soul. The sages know that the latter 
is but the shadow, that the former is the only real Sun. 

Unless we join the mind with the senses, we get no report from eyes, nose, 
ears, etc. The external organs are used by the power of the mind. Do not let the 
senses go outside, and then you can get rid of body and the external world. 

This very "x" which we see here as an external world, the departed see as 
heaven or hell according to their own mental states. Here and hereafter are two 
dreams, the latter modelled on the former; get rid of both, all is omnipresent, all 
is now. Nature, body, and mind go to death, not we; we never go nor come. 

The man Swami Vivekananda is in nature, is born, and dies; but the self which 
we see as Swami Vivekananda is never born and never dies. It is the eternal 
and unchangeable Reality. 

The power of the mind is the same whether we divide it into five senses or 
whether we see only one. A blind man says, "Everything has a distinct echo, so 
I clap my hands and get that echo, and then I can tell everything that is around 
me." So in a fog the blind man can safely lead the seeing man. Fog or darkness 
makes no difference to him. 

Control the mind, cut off the senses, then you are a Yogi; after that, all the rest 
will come. Refuse to hear, to see, to smell, to taste; take away the mental power 
from the external organs. You continually do it unconsciously as when your 



mind is absorbed; so you can learn to do it consciously. The mind can put the 
senses where it pleases. Get rid of the fundamental superstition that we are 
obliged to act through the body. We are not. Go into your own room and get 
the Upanishads out of your own Self. You are the greatest book that ever was 
or ever will be, the infinite depository of all that is. Until the inner teacher 
opens, all outside teaching is in vain. It must lead to the opening of the book of 
the heart to have any value. 

The will is the "still small voice", the real Ruler who says "do" and "do not". It 
has done all that binds us. The ignorant will leads to bondage, the knowing will 
can free us. The will can be made strong in thousands of ways; every way is a 
kind of Yoga, but the systematised Yoga accomplishes the work more quickly. 
Bhakti, Karma, Raja, and Jnana-Yoga get over the ground more effectively. Put 
on all powers, philosophy, work, prayer, meditation — crowd all sail, put on all 
head of steam — reach the goal. The sooner, the better. . . . 

Baptism is external purification symbolising the internal. It is of Buddhist 
origin. 

The Eucharist is a survival of a very ancient custom of savage tribes. They 
sometimes killed their great chiefs and ate their flesh in order to obtain in 
themselves the qualities that made their leaders great. They believed that in 
such a way the characteristics that made the chief brave and wise would 
become theirs and make the whole tribe brave and wise, instead of only one 
man. Human sacrifice was also a Jewish idea and one that clung to them 
despite many chastisements from Jehovah. Jesus was gentle and loving, but to 
fit him into Jewish beliefs, the idea of human sacrifice, in the form of 
atonement or as a human scapegoat, had to come in. This cruel idea made 
Christianity depart from the teachings of Jesus himself and develop a spirit of 
persecution and bloodshed. . . . 

Say, "it is my nature", never say, "It is my duty" — to do anything whatever. 



"Truth alone triumphs, not untruth." Stand upon Truth, and you have got God. 



From the earliest times in India the Brahmin caste have held themselves 
beyond all law; they claim to be gods. They are poor, but their weakness is that 
they seek power. Here are about sixty millions of people who are good and 
moral and hold no property, and they are what they are because from their birth 
they are taught that they are above law, above punishment. They feel 
themselves to be "twice-born", to be sons of God. 



» 



« 



Home / Complete -Works / Volume 7 / Inspired Talks / 



(Recorded by Miss S. E. Waldo, a disciple) 

SUNDAY, July 28, 1895. ( Avadhuta Gita or "Song of the Purified" by 
Dattatreya (Dattatreya, the son of Atri and Anasuya, was an incarnation of Brahma, Vishnu 
and Shiva.)) 

"All knowledge depends upon calmness of mind." 

"He who has filled the universe, He who is Self in self, how shall I salute 
Him!" 

To know the Atman as my nature is both knowledge and realisation. "I am He, 
there is not the least doubt of it." 

"No thought, no word, no deed, creates a bondage for me. I am beyond the 
senses, I am knowledge and bliss." 

There is neither existence nor non-existence, all is Atman. Shake off all ideas 
of relativity; shake off all superstitions; let caste and birth and Devas and all 
else vanish. Why talk of being and becoming? Give up talking of dualism and 
Advaitism! When were you two, that you talk of two or one? The universe is 
this Holy One and He alone. Talk not of Yoga to make you pure; you are pure 
by your very nature. None can teach you. 

Men like him who wrote this song are what keep religion alive. They have 
actually realised; they care for nothing, feel nothing done to the body, care not 
for heat and cold or danger or anything. They sit still and enjoy the bliss of 
Atman, while red-hot coals burn their body, and they feel them not. 

"When the threefold bondage of knower, knowledge, and known ceases, there 
is the Atman." 

"Where the delusion of bondage and freedom ceases, there the Atman is." 
"What if you have controlled the mind, what if you have not? What if you have 



money, what if you have not? You are the Atman ever pure. Say, 'I am the 
Atman. No bondage ever came near me. I am the changeless sky; clouds of 
belief may pass over me, but they do not touch me.'" 

"Burn virtue, burn vice. Freedom is baby talk. I am that immortal Knowledge. I 
am that purity." 

"No one was ever bound, none was ever free. There is none but me. I am the 
Infinite, the Ever-free. Talk not to me! What can change me, the essence of 
knowledge! Who can teach, who can be taught?" 

Throw argument, throw philosophy into the ditch. 

"Only a slave sees slaves, the deluded delusion, the impure impurity." 

Place, time causation are all delusions. It is your disease that you think you are 
bound and will be free. You are the Unchangeable. Talk not. Sit down and let 
all things melt away, they are but dreams. There is no differentiation, no 
distinction, it is all superstition; therefore be silent and know what you are. 

"I am the essence of bliss." Follow no ideal, you are all there is. Fear naught, 
you are the essence of existence. Be at peace. Do not disturb yourself. You 
never were in bondage, you never were virtuous or sinful. Get rid of all these 
delusions and be at peace. Whom to worship? Who worships? All is the 
Atman. To speak, to think is superstition. Repeat over and over, "I am Atman", 
"I am Atman". Fet everything else go. 



» 



« 



Home / Complete -Works / Volume 7 / Inspired Talks / 



(Recorded by Miss S. E. Waldo, a disciple) 

Monday, July 29, 1895. 

We sometimes indicate a thing by describing its surroundings. When we say 
"Sachchidananda" (Existence-Knowledge-Bliss), we are merely indicating the 
shores of an indescribable Beyond. Not even can we say "is" about it, for that 
too is relative. Any imagination, any concept is in vain. Neti, neti ("Not this, 
not this") is all that can be said, for even to think is to limit and so to lose. 

The senses cheat you day and night. Vedanta found that out ages ago; modern 
science is just discovering the same fact. A picture has only length and breadth, 
and the painter copies nature in her cheating by artificially giving the 
appearance of depth. No two people see the same world. The highest 
knowledge will show you that there is no motion, no change in anything; that 
the very idea of it is all Maya. Study nature as a whole, that is, study motion. 
Mind and body are not our real self; both belong to nature, but eventually we 
can know the ding an sich. Then mind and body being transcended, all that 
they conceive goes. When you cease utterly to know and see the world, then 
you realise Atman. The superseding of relative knowledge is what we want. 
There is no infinite mind or infinite knowledge, because both mind and 
knowledge are limited. We are now seeing through a veil; then we reach the 
"x", which is the Reality of all our knowing. 

If we look at a picture through a pin-hole in a cardboard, we get an utterly 
mistaken notion; yet what we see is really the picture. As we enlarge the hole, 
we get a clearer and clearer idea. Out of the reality we manufacture the 
different views in conformity with our mistaken perceptions of name and form. 
When we throw away the cardboard, we see the same picture, but we see it as it 
is. We put in all the attributes, all the errors; the picture itself is unaltered 
thereby. That is because Atman is the reality of all; all we see is Atman, but not 
as we see it, as name and form; they are all in our veil, in Maya. 

They are like spots in the object-glass of a telescope, yet it is the light of the 



sun that shows us the spots; we could not even see the illusion save for the 
background of reality which is Brahman. Swami Vivekananda is just the speck 
on the object-glass; I am Atman, real, unchangeable, and that reality alone 
enables me to see Swami Vivekananda. Atman is the essence of every 
hallucination; but the sun is never identified with the spots on the glass, it only 
shows them to us. Our actions, as they are evil or good, increase or decrease the 
"spots"; but they never affect the God within us. Perfectly cleanse the mind of 
spots and instantly we see, "I and my father are one". 

We first perceive, then reason later. We must have this perception as a fact, and 
it is called religion, realisation. No matter if one never heard of creed or 
prophet or book. Let him get this realisation, and he needs no more. Cleanse 
the mind, this is all of religion; and until we ourselves clear off the spots, we 
cannot see the Reality as it is. The baby sees no sun; he has not yet the measure 
of it in himself. Get rid of the defects within yourself, and you will not be able 
to see any without. A baby sees robbery done, and it means nothing to him. 
Once you find the hidden object in a puzzle picture, you see it ever more; so 
when once you are free and stainless, you see only freedom and purity in the 
world around. That moment all the knots of the heart are cut asunder, all 
crooked places are made straight, and this world vanishes as a dream. And 
when we awake, we wonder how we ever came to dream such trash! 

"Getting whom, misery mountain high has no power to move the soul." 

With the axe of knowledge cut the wheels asunder, and the Atman stands free, 
even though the old momentum carries on the wheel of mind and body. The 
wheel can now only go straight, can only do good. If that body does anything 
bad, know that the man is not Jivanmukta; he lies if he makes that claim. But it 
is only when the wheels have got a good straight motion (from cleansing the 
mind) that the axe can be applied. All purifying action deals conscious or 
unconscious blows on delusion. To call another a sinner is the worst thing you 
can do. Good action done ignorantly produces the same result and helps to 
break the bondage. 

To identify the sun with the spots on the object-glass is the fundamental error. 
Know the sun, the "I", to be ever unaffected by anything, and devote yourself 



to cleansing the spots. Man is the greatest being that ever can be. The highest 
worship there is, is to worship man as Krishna, Buddha, Christ. What you want, 
you create. Get rid of desire. . . . 

The angels and the departed are all here, seeing this world as heaven. The same 
"x" is seen by all according to their mental attitude. The best vision to be had of 
the "x" is here on this earth. Never want to go to heaven, that is the worst 
delusion. Even here, too much wealth and grinding poverty are both bondages 
and hold us back from religion. Three great gifts we have: first, a human body. 
(The human mind is the nearest reflection of God, we are "His own image".) 
Second, the desire to be free. Third, the help of a noble soul, who has crossed 
the ocean of delusion, as a teacher. When you have these three, bless the Lord; 
you are sure to be free. 

What you only grasp intellectually may be overthrown by a new argument; but 
what you realise is yours for ever. Talking, talking religion is but little good. 

Put God behind everything — man, animal, food, work; make this a habit. 

Ingersoll once said to me: "I believe in making the most out of this world, in 
squeezing the orange dry, because this world is all we are sure of." I replied: "I 
know a better way to squeeze the orange of this world than you do, and I get 
more out of it. I know I cannot die, so I am not in a hurry; I know there is no 
fear, so I enjoy the squeezing. I have no duty, no bondage of wife and children 
and property; I can love all men and women. Everyone is God to me. Think of 
the joy of loving man as God! Squeeze your orange this way and get ten 
thousandfold more out of it. Get every single drop." 

That which seems to be the will is the Atman behind, it is really free. 



Monday Afternoon. 

Jesus was imperfect because he did not live up fully to his own ideal, and 
above all because he did not give woman a place equal to man. Women did 
everything for him, and yet he was so bound by the Jewish custom that not one 
was made an apostle. Still he was the greatest character next to Buddha, who in 



his turn was not fully perfect. Buddha, however, recognised woman's right to 
an equal place in religion, and his first and one of his greatest disciples was his 
own wife, who became the head of the whole Buddhistic movement among the 
women of India. But we ought not to criticise these great ones, we should only 
look upon them as far above ourselves. Nonetheless we must not pin our faith 
to any man, however great; we too must become Buddhas and Christs. 

No man should be judged by his defects. The great virtues a man has are his 
especially, his errors are the common weaknesses of humanity and should 
never be counted in estimating his character. 

* * * 

Vira , the Sanskrit word for "heroic", is the origin of our word "virtue", because 
in ancient times the best fighter was regarded as the most virtuous man. 



» 



« 



Home / Complete -Works / Volume 7 / Inspired Talks / 



(Recorded by Miss S. E. Waldo, a disciple) 

Tuesday, July 30, 1895. 

Christs and Buddhas are simply occasions upon which to objectify our own 
inner powers. We really answer our own prayers. 

It is blasphemy to think that if Jesus had never been born, humanity would not 
have been saved. It is horrible to forget thus the divinity in human nature, a 
divinity that must come out. Never forget the glory of human nature. We are 
the greatest God that ever was or ever will be. Christs and Buddhas are but 
waves on the boundless ocean which I am. Bow down to nothing but your own 
higher Self. Until you know that you are that very God of gods, there will never 
be any freedom for you. 

All our past actions are really good, because they lead us to what we ultimately 
become. Of whom to beg? I am the real existence, and all else is a dream save 
as it is 1. 1 am the whole ocean; do not call the little wave you have made "I"; 
know it for nothing but a wave. Satyakama (lover of truth) heard the inner 
voice telling him, "You are the infinite, the universal is in you. Control yourself 
and listen to the voice of your true Self." 

The great prophets who do the fighting have to be less perfect than those who 
live silent lives of holiness, thinking great thoughts and so helping the world. 
These men, passing out one after another, produce as final outcome the man of 
power who preaches. 



* * * 

Knowledge exists, man only discovers it. The Vedas are the eternal knowledge 
through which God created the world. They talk high philosophy — the highest 
— and make this tremendous claim. . . . 

Tell the truth boldly, whether it hurts or not. Never pander to weakness. If truth 
is too much for intelligent people and sweeps them away, let them go; the 



sooner the better. Childish ideas are for babies and savages; and these are not 
all in the nursery and the forests, some of them have fallen into the pulpits. 

It is bad to stay in the church after you are grown up spiritually. Come out and 
die in the open air of freedom. 

All progression is in the relative world. The human form is the highest and man 
the greatest being, because here and now we can get rid of the relative world 
entirely, can actually attain freedom, and this is the goal. Not only we can, but 
some have reached perfection; so no matter what finer bodies come, they could 
only be on the relative plane and could do no more than we, for to attain 
freedom is all that can be done. 

The angels never do wicked deeds, so they never get punished and never get 
saved. Blows are what awaken us and help to break the dream. They show us 
the insufficiency of this world and make us long to escape, to have freedom. . . 



A thing dimly perceived we call by one name; the same thing when fully 
perceived we call by another. The higher the moral nature, the higher the 
perception and the stronger the will. 



Tuesday Afternoon. 

The reason of the harmony between thought and matter is that they are two 
sides of one thing, call it "x", which divides itself into the internal and the 
external. 

The English word "paradise" comes from the Sanskrit para-desa, which was 
taken over into the Persian language and means literally "the land beyond", or 
the other world. The old Aryans always believed in a soul, never that man was 
the body. Their heavens and hells were all temporary, because no effect can 
outlast its cause and no cause is eternal; therefore all effects must come to an 
end. 



The whole of the Vedanta Philosophy is in this story: Two birds of golden 
plumage sat on the same tree. The one above, serene, majestic, immersed in his 
own glory; the one below restless and eating the fruits of the tree, now sweet, 
now bitter. Once he ate an exceptionally bitter fruit, then he paused and looked 
up at the majestic bird above; but he soon forgot about the other bird and went 
on eating the fruits of the tree as before. Again he ate a bitter fruit, and this 
time he hopped up a few boughs nearer to the bird at the top. This happened 
many times until at last the lower bird came to the place of the upper bird and 
lost himself. He found all at once that there had never been two birds, but that 
he was all the time that upper bird, serene, majestic, and immersed in his own 
glory. 



» 



« 



Home / Complete -Works / Volume 7 / Inspired Talks / 



(Recorded by Miss S. E. Waldo, a disciple) 

Wednesday, July 31, 1895. 

Luther drove a nail into religion when he took away renunciation and gave us 
morality instead. Atheists and materialists can have ethics, but only believers in 
the Lord can have religion. 

The wicked pay the price of the great soul's holiness. Think of that when you 
see a wicked man. Just as the poor man's labour pays for the rich man's luxury, 
so is it in the spiritual world. The terrible degradation of the masses in India is 
the price nature pays for the production of great souls like Mira-bai, Buddha, 
etc.* 



* * * 

"I am the holiness of the holy" (Gita). I am the root, each uses it in his own 
way, but all is I. "I do everything, you are but the occasion." 

Do not talk much, but feel the spirit within you; then you are a Jnani. This is 
knowledge, all else is ignorance. All that is to be known is Brahman. It is the 
all. . . . 

Sattva binds through the search for happiness and knowledge, Rajas binds 
through desire, Tamas binds through wrong perception and laziness. Conquer 
the two lower by Sattva, and then give up all to the Lord and be free. 

The Bhakti-Yogi realises Brahman very soon and goes beyond the three 
qualities. (Gita, Chapter XII.) 

The will, the consciousness, the senses, desire, the passions, all these combined 
make what we call the "soul". 

There is first, the apparent self (body); second, the mental self who mistakes 
the body for himself (the Absolute bound by Maya); third, the Atman, the ever 



pure, the ever free. Seen partially, It is nature; seen wholly, all nature goes, 
even the memory of it is lost. There is the changeable (mortal), the eternally 
changeable (nature), and the Unchangeable (Atman). 

Be perfectly hopeless, that is the highest state. What is there to hope for? Burst 
asunder the bonds of hope, stand on your Self, be at rest, never mind what you 
do, give up all to God, but have no hypocrisy about it. 

Svastha, the Sanskrit word for "standing on your own Self", is used 
colloquially in India to inquire, "Are you well, are you happy?" And when 
Hindus would express, "I saw a thing", they say, "I saw a word-meaning 
(Padartha)." Even this universe is a "word-meaning". 

* * * 

A perfect man's body mechanically does right; it can do only good because it is 
fully purified. The past momentum that carries on the wheel of body is all 
good. All evil tendencies are burnt out. 

* * * 

"That day is indeed a bad day when we do not speak of the Lord, not a stormy 
day." 

Only love for the Supreme Lord is true Bhakti. Love for any other being, 
however great, is not Bhakti. The "Supreme Lord" here means Ishvara, the 
concept of which transcends what you in the West mean by the personal God. 
"He from whom this universe proceeds, in whom it rests, and to whom it 
returns, He is Ishvara, the Eternal, the Pure, the All-Merciful, the Almighty, the 
Ever-Lree, the All-Knowing, the Teacher of all teachers, the Lord who of His 
own nature is inexpressible Love." 

Man does not manufacture God out of his own brain; but he can only see God 
in the light of his own capacity, and he attributes to Him the best of all he 
knows. Each attribute is the whole of God, and this signifying the whole by one 
quality is the metaphysical explanation of the personal God. Ishvara is without 
form yet has all forms, is without qualities yet has all qualities. As human 



beings, we have to see the trinity of existence — God, man, nature; and we 
cannot do otherwise. 

But to the Bhakta all these philosophical distinctions are mere idle talk. He 
cares nothing for argument, he does not reason, he "senses", he perceives. He 
wants to love himself in pure love of God, and there have been Bhaktas who 
maintain that this is more to be desired than liberation, who say, "I do not want 
to be sugar. I want to taste sugar; I want to love and enjoy the Beloved." 

In Bhakti-Yoga the first essential is to want God honestly and intensely. We 
want everything but God, because our ordinary desires are fulfilled by the 
external world. So long as our needs are confined within the limits of the 
physical universe, we do not feel any need for God; it is only when we have 
had hard blows in our lives and are disappointed with everything here that we 
feel the need for something higher; then we seek God. 

Bhakti is not destructive; it teaches that all our faculties may become means to 
reach salvation. We must turn them all towards God and give to Him that love 
which is usually wasted on the fleeting objects of sense. 

Bhakti differs from your Western idea of religion in that Bhakti admits no 
elements of fear, no Being to be appeased or propitiated. There are even 
Bhaktas who worship God as their own child, so that there may remain no 
feeling even of awe or reverence. There can be no fear in true love, and so long 
as there is the least fear, Bhakti cannot even begin. In Bhakti there is also no 
place for begging or bargaining with God. The idea of asking God for anything 
is sacrilege to a Bhakta. He will not pray for health or wealth or even to go to 
heaven. 

One who wants to love God, to be a Bhakta, must make a bundle of all these 
desires and leave them outside the door and then enter. He who wants to enter 
the realms of light must make a bundle of all "shop-keeping" religion and cast 
it away before he can pass the gates. It is not that you do not get what you pray 
for; you get everything, but it is low, vulgar, a beggar's religion. "Fool indeed is 
he, who, living on the banks of the Ganga, digs a little well for water. Fool 
indeed is the man who, coming to a mine of diamonds, begins to search for 



glass beads." These prayers for health and wealth and material prosperity are 
not Bhakti. They are the lowest form of Karma. Bhakti is a higher thing. We 
are striving to come into the presence of the King of kings. We cannot get there 
in a beggar's dress. If we wanted to enter the presence of an emperor, would we 
be admitted in a beggar's rags? Certainly not. The lackey would drive us out of 
the gates. This is the Emperor of emperors and never can we come before Him 
in a beggar's garb. Shop-keepers never have admission there, buying and 
selling will not do there at all. You read in the Bible that Jesus drove the buyers 
and sellers out of the temple. 

So it goes without saying that the first task in becoming a Bhakta is to give up 
all desires of heaven and so on. Such a heaven would be like this place, this 
earth, only a little better. The Christian idea of heaven is a place of intensified 
enjoyment. How can that be God? All this desire to go to heaven is a desire for 
enjoyment. This has to be given up. The love of the Bhakta must be absolutely 
pure and unselfish, seeking nothing for itself either here or hereafter. 

"Giving up the desire of pleasure and pain, gain or loss, worship God day and 
night; not a moment is to be lost in vain." 

"Giving up all other thoughts, the whole mind day and night worships God. 
Thus being worshipped day and night, He reveals Himself and makes His 
worshippers feel Him. " 



» 



« 



Home / Complete -Works / Volume 7 / Inspired Talks / 



(Recorded by Miss S. E. Waldo, a disciple) 

Thursday, August 1, 1895. 

The real Guru is the one through whom we have our spiritual descent. He is the 
channel through which the spiritual current flows to us, the link which joins us 
to the whole spiritual world. Too much faith in personality has a tendency to 
produce weakness and idolatry, but intense love for the Guru makes rapid 
growth possible, he connects us with the internal Guru. Adore your Guru if 
there be real truth in him; that Guru-bhakti (devotion to the teacher) will 
quickly lead you to the highest. 

Sri Ramakrishna's purity was that of a baby. He never touched money in his 
life, and lust was absolutely annihilated in him. Do not go to great religious 
teachers to learn physical science, their whole energy has gone to the spiritual. 
In Sri Ramakrishna Paramahamsa the man was all dead and only God 
remained; he actually could not see sin, he was literally "of purer eyes than to 
behold iniquity". The purity of these few Paramahamsa (Monks of the highest 
order) is all that holds the world together. If they should all die out and leave it, 
the world would go to pieces. They do good by simply being, and they know it 
not; they just are. . . . 

Books suggest the inner light and the method of bringing that out, but we can 
only understand them when we have earned the knowledge ourselves. When 
the inner light has flashed for you, let the books go, and look only within. You 
have in you all and a thousand times more than is in all the books. Never lose 
faith in yourself, you can do anything in this universe. Never weaken, all power 
is yours. 

If religion and life depend upon books or upon the existence of any prophet 
whatsoever, then perish all religion and books! Religion is in us. No books or 
teachers can do more than help us to find it, and even without them we can get 
all truth within. You have gratitude for books and teachers without bondage to 
them; and worship your Guru as God, but do not obey him blindly; love him all 



you will, but think for yourself. No blind belief can save you, work out your 
own salvation. Have only one idea of God — that He is an eternal help. 



Freedom and highest love must go together, then neither can become a 
bondage. We can give nothing to God; He gives all to us. He is the Guru of 
Gurus. Then we find that He is the "Soul of our souls", our very Self. No 
wonder we love Him, He is the Soul of our souls; whom or what else can we 
love? We want to be the "steady flame, burning without heat and without 
smoke". To whom can you do good, when you see only God? You cannot do 
good to God! All doubt goes, all is, "sameness". If you do good at all, you do it 
to yourself; feel that the receiver is the higher one. You serve the other because 
you are lower than he, not because he is low and you are high. Give as the rose 
gives perfume, because it is its own nature, utterly unconscious of giving. 

The great Hindu reformer, Raja Ram Mohan Roy, was a wonderful example of 
this unselfish work. He devoted his whole life to helping India. It was he who 
stopped the burning of widows. It is usually believed that this reform was due 
entirely to the English; but it was Raja Ram Mohan Roy who started the 
agitation against the custom and succeeded in obtaining the support of the 
Government in suppressing it. Until he began the movement, the English had 
done nothing. He also founded the important religious Society called the 
Brahmo-Samaj, and subscribed a hundred thousand dollars to found a 
university. He then stepped out and told them to go ahead without him. He 
cared nothing for fame or for results to himself. 



Thursday Afternoon. 

There are endless series of manifestations, like "merry-go-round", in which the 
souls ride, so to speak. The series are eternal; individual souls get out, but the 
events repeat themselves eternally; and that is how one's past and future can be 
read, because all is really present. When the soul is in a certain chain, it has to 
go through the experiences of that chain. From one series souls go to other 
series; from some series they escape for ever by realising that they are 
Brahman. By getting hold of one prominent event in a chain and holding on to 
it, the whole chain can be dragged in and read. This power is easily acquired, 



but it is of no real value; and to practise it takes just so much from our spiritual 
forces. Go not after these things, worship God. 



» 



« 



Home / Complete -Works / Volume 7 / Inspired Talks / 



(Recorded by Miss S. E. Waldo, a disciple) 

Friday, August 2, 1895. 

Nishtha (devotion to one ideal) is the beginning of realisation. "Take the honey 
out of all flowers; sit and be friendly with all, pay reverence to all, say to all, 
'Yes, brother, yes, brother', but keep firm in your own way." A higher stage is 
actually to take the position of the other. If I am all, why can I not really and 
actively sympathise with my brother and see with his eyes? While I am weak, I 
must stick to one course (Nishtha), but when I am strong, I can feel with every 
other and perfectly sympathise with his ideas. 

The old idea was: "Develop one idea at the expense of all the rest". The modern 
way is "harmonious development". A third way is to "develop the mind and 
control it", then put it where you will; the result will come quickly. This is 
developing yourself in the truest way. Learn concentration and use it in any 
direction. Thus you lose nothing. He who gets the whole must have the parts 
too. Dualism is included in Advaitism (monism). 

"I first saw him and he saw me. There was a flash of eye from me to him and 
from him to me." 

This went on until the two souls became so closely united that they actually 
became one. . . . 

There are two kinds of Samadhi — I concentrate on myself, then I concentrate 
and there is a unity of subject and object. 

You must be able to sympathise fully with each particular, then at once to jump 
back to the highest monism. After having perfected yourself, you limit yourself 
voluntarily. Take the whole power into each action. Be able to become a dualist 
for the time being and forget Advaita, yet be able to take it up again at will. 



Cause and effect are all Maya, and we shall grow to understand that all we see 
is as disconnected as the child's fairy tales now seem to us. There is really no 
such thing as cause and effect and we shall come to know it. Then if you can, 
lower your intellect to let any allegory pass through your mind without 
questioning about connection. Develop love of imagery and beautiful poetry 
and then enjoy all mythologies as poetry. Come not to mythology with ideas of 
history and reasoning. Let it flow as a current through your mind, let it be 
whirled as a candle before your eyes, without asking who holds the candle, and 
you will get the circle; the residuum of truth will remain in your mind. 

The writers of all mythologies wrote in symbols of what they saw and heard, 
they painted flowing pictures. Do not try to pick out the themes and so destroy 
the pictures; take them as they are and let them act on you. Judge them only by 
the effect and get the good out of them. 

* * * 

Your own will is all that answers prayer, only it appears under the guise of 
different religious conceptions to each mind. We may call it Buddha, Jesus, 
Krishna, Jehovah, Allah, Agni, but it is only the Self, the "I". . . . 

Concepts grow, but there is no historical value in the allegories which present 
them. Moses' visions are more likely to be wrong than ours are, because we 
have more knowledge and are less likely to be deceived by illusions. 

Books are useless to us until our own book opens; then all other books are good 
so far as they confirm our book. It is the strong that understand strength, it is 
the elephant that understands the lion, not the rat. How can we understand 
Jesus until we are his equals? It is all in the dream to feed five thousand with 
two loaves, or to feed two with five loaves; neither is real and neither affects 
the other. Only grandeur appreciates grandeur, only God realises God. The 
dream is only the dreamer, it has no other basis. It is not one thing and the 
dreamer another. The keynote running through the music is — "I am He, I am 
He", all other notes are but variations and do not affect the real theme. We are 
the living books and books are but the words we have spoken. Everything is the 
living God, the living Christ; see it as such. Read man, he is the living poem. 



We are the light that illumines all the Bibles and Christs and Buddhas that ever 
were. Without that, these would be dead to us, not living. 

Stand on your own Self. 

The dead body resents nothing; let us make our bodies dead and cease to 
identify ourselves with them. 

» 



« 



Home / Complete -Works / Volume 7 / Inspired Talks / 



(Recorded by Miss S. E. Waldo, a disciple) 

Saturday, August 3, 1895. 

Individuals who are to get freedom in this life have to live thousands of years 
in one lifetime. They have to be ahead of their times, but the masses can only 
crawl. Thus we have Christs and Buddhas. . . . 

There was once a Hindu queen, who so much desired that all her children 
should attain freedom in this life that she herself took all the care of them; and 
as she rocked them to sleep, she sang always the one song to them — "Tat 
tvam asi, Tat tvam asi" ("That thou art, That thou art"). 

Three of them became Sannyasins, but the fourth was taken away to be brought 
up elsewhere to become a king. As he was leaving home, the mother gave him 
a piece of paper which he was to read when he grew to manhood. On that piece 
of paper was written, "God alone is true. All else is false. The soul never kills 
or is killed. Live alone or in the company of holy ones." When the young 
prince read this, he too at once renounced the world and became a Sannyasin. 

Give up, renounce the world. Now we are like dogs strayed into a kitchen and 
eating a piece of meat, looking round in fear lest at any moment some one may 
come and drive them out. Instead of that, be a king and know you own the 
world. This never comes until you give it up and it ceases to bind. Give up 
mentally, if you do not physically. Give up from the heart of your hearts. Have 
Vairagya (renunciation). This is the real sacrifice, and without it, it is 
impossible to attain spirituality. Do not desire, for what you desire you get, and 
with it comes terrible bondage. It is nothing but bringing "noses on us,"* as in 
the case of the man who had three boons to ask. We never get freedom until we 
are self-contained. "Self is the Saviour of self, none else." 

Learn to feel yourself in other bodies, to know that we are all one. Throw all 
other nonsense to the winds. Spit out your actions, good or bad, and never think 
of them again. What is done is done. Throw off superstition. Have no weakness 



even in the face of death. Do not repent, do not brood over past deeds, and do 
not remember your good deeds; be azad (free). The weak, the fearful, the 
ignorant will never reach Atman. You cannot undo, the effect must come, face 
it, but be careful never to do the same thing again. Give up the burden of all 
deeds to the Lord; give all, both good and bad. Do not keep the good and give 
only the bad. God helps those who do not help themselves. 

"Drinking the cup of desire, the world becomes mad." Day and night never 
come together, so desire and the Lord can never come together. Give up desire. 

* * * 

There is a vast difference between saying "food, food" and eating it, between 
saying "water, water" and drinking it. So by merely repeating the words "God, 
God" we cannot hope to attain realisation. We must strive and practise. 

Only by the wave falling back into the sea can it become unlimited, never as a 
wave can it be so. Then after it has become the sea, it can become the wave 
again and as big a one as it pleases. Break the identification of yourself with the 
current and know that you are free. 

True philosophy is the systematising of certain perceptions. Intellect ends 
where religion begins. Inspiration is much higher than reason, but it must not 
contradict it. Reason is the rough tool to do the hard work; inspiration is the 
bright light which shows us all truth. The will to do a thing is not necessarily 
inspiration. . . . 

Progression in Maya is a circle that brings you back to the starting point; but 
you start ignorant and come to the end with all knowledge. Worship of God, 
worship of the holy ones, concentration and meditation, and unselfish work, 
these are the ways of breaking away from Maya's net; but we must first have 
the strong desire to get free. The flash of light that will illuminate the darkness 
for us is in us; it is the knowledge that is our nature — there is no "birthright", 
we were never born. All that we have to do is to drive away the clouds that 
cover it. 



Give up all desire for enjoyment in earth or heaven. Control the organs of the 



senses and control the mind. Bear every misery without even knowing that you 
are miserable. Think of nothing but liberation. Have faith in Guru, in his 
teachings, and in the surety that you can get free. Say "Soham, Soham" 
whatever comes. Tell yourself this even in eating, walking, suffering; tell the 
mind this incessantly — that what we see never existed, that there is only "I". 
Flash — the dream will break! Think day and night, this universe is zero, only 
God is. Have intense desire to get free. 

All relatives and friends are but "old dry wells"; we fall into them and get 
dreams of duty and bondage, and there is no end. Do not create illusion by 
helping anyone. It is like a banyan tree, that spreads on and on. If you are a 
dualist, you are a fool to try to help God. If you are a monist, you know that 
you are God; where find duty? You have no duty to husband, child, friend. 

Take things as they come, lie still, and when your body floats, go; rise with the 
rising tide, fall with falling tide. Let the body die; this idea of body is but a 
worn-out fable. "Be still and know that you are God." 

The present only is existent. There is no past or future even in thought, because 
to think it, you have to make it the present. Give up everything, and let it float 
where it will. This world is all a delusion, do not let it fool you again. You have 
known it for what it is not, now know it for what it is. If the body is dragged 
anywhere, let it go; do not care where the body is. This tyrannical idea of duty 
is a terrible poison and is destroying the world. 

Do not wait to have a harp and rest by degrees; why not take a harp and begin 
here? Why wait for heaven? Make it here. In heaven there is no marrying or 
giving in marriage; why not begin at once and have none here? The yellow 
robe of the Sannyasin is the sign of the free. Give up the beggar's dress of the 
world; wear the flag of freedom, the ochre robe. 



» 



« 



Home / Complete -Works / Volume 7 / Inspired Talks / 



(Recorded by Miss S. E. Waldo, a disciple) 

Sunday, August 4, 1895. 

"Whom the ignorant worship, Him I preach unto thee." 

This one and only God is the "knownest" of the known. He is the one thing we 
see everywhere. All know their own Self, all know, "I am", even animals. All 
we know is the projection of the Self. Teach this to the children, they can grasp 
it. Every religion has worshipped the Self, even though unconsciously, because 
there is nothing else. 

This indecent clinging to life as we know it here, is the source of all evil. It 
causes all this cheating and stealing. It makes money a god and all vices and 
fears ensue. Value nothing material and do not cling to it. If you cling to 
nothing, not even life, then there is no fear. "He goes from death to death who 
sees many in this world." There can be no physical death for us and no mental 
death, when we see that all is one. All bodies are mine; so even body is eternal, 
because the tree, the animal, the sun, the moon, the universe itself is my body; 
then how can it die? Every mind, every thought is mine, then how can death 
come? The Self is never born and never dies. When we realise this, all doubts 
vanish. "I am, I know, I love" — these can never be doubted. There is no 
hunger, for all that is eaten is eaten by me. If a hair falls out, we do not think 
we die; so if one body dies, it is but a hair falling. . . . 

The superconscious is God, is beyond speech beyond thought, beyond 
consciousness. . . . There are three states, — brutality (Tamas), humanity 
(Rajas), and divinity (Sattva). Those attaining the highest state simply are. 

Duty dies there; they only love and as a magnet draw others to them. This is 
freedom. No more you do moral acts, but whatever you do is moral. The 
Brahmavit (knower of God) is higher than all gods. The angels came to 
worship Jesus when he had conquered delusion and had said, "Get thee behind 
me, Satan." None can help a Brahmavit, the universe itself bows down before 
him. His every desire is fulfilled, his spirit purifies others; therefore worship 



the Brahmavit if you wish to attain the highest. When we have the three great 
"gifts of God" — a human body, intense desire to be free, and the help of a 
great soul to show us the way — then liberation is certain for us. Mukti is ours. 

* * ^ 

Death of the body for ever is Nirvana. It is the negative side and says, "I am not 
this, nor this, nor this." Vedanta takes the further step and asserts the positive 
side — Mukti or freedom. "I am Existence absolute, Knowledge absolute, Bliss 
absolute, I am He", this is Vedanta, the cap-stone of the perfect arch. 

The great majority of the adherents of Northern Buddhism believe in Mukti and 
are really Vedantists. Only the Ceylonese accept Nirvana as annihilation. 

No belief or disbelief can kill the "I". That which comes with belief and goes 
with disbelief is only delusion. Nothing teaches the Atman. "I salute my own 
Self." "Self-illuminated, I salute myself, I am Brahman." The body is a dark 
room; when we enter it, it becomes illuminated, it becomes alive. Nothing can 
ever affect the illumination; it cannot be destroyed. It may be covered, but 
never destroyed. 



* * * 

At the present time God should be worshipped as "Mother", the Infinite 
Energy. This will lead to purity, and tremendous energy will come here in 
America. Here no temples weigh us down, no one suffers as they do in poorer 
countries. Woman has suffered for aeons, and that has given her infinite 
patience and infinite perseverance. She holds on to an idea. It is this which 
makes her the support of even superstitious religions and of the priests in every 
land, and it is this that will free her. We have to become Vedantists and live 
this grand thought; the masses must get it, and only in free America can this be 
done. In India these ideas were brought out by individuals like Buddha, 
Shankara, and others, but the masses did not retain them. The new cycle must 
see the masses living Vedanta, and this will have to come through women. 

"Keep the beloved beautiful Mother in the heart of your hearts with all care." 



"Throw out everything but the tongue, keep that to say, "Mother, Mother!" 

"Let no evil counsellors enter; let you and me, my heart, alone see Mother." 
"Thou art beyond all that lives!" 

"My Moon of life, my Soul of soul!" 

Sunday Afternoon. 

Mind is an instrument in the hand of Atman, just as body is an instrument in 
the hand of mind. Matter is motion outside, mind is motion inside. All change 
begins and ends in time. If the Atman is unchangeable, It must be perfect; if 
perfect, It must be infinite; and if It be infinite, It must be only One; there 
cannot be two infinites. So the Atman, the Self, can be only One. Though It 
seems to be various, It is really only One. If a man were to go toward the sun, 
at every step he would see a different sun, and yet it would be the same sun 
after all. 

Asti , "isness", is the basis of all unity; and just as soon as the basis is found, 
perfection ensues. If all colour could be resolved into one colour, painting 
would cease. The perfect oneness is rest; we refer all manifestations to one 
Being. Taoists, Confucianists, Buddhists, Hindus, Jews, Mohammedans, 
Christians, and Zoroastrians, all preached the golden rule and in almost the 
same words; but only the Hindus have given the rationale, because they saw the 
reason: Man must love others because those others are himself. There is but 
One. 

Of all the great religious teachers the world has known, only Lao-tze, Buddha, 
and Jesus transcended the golden rule and said, "Do good to your enemies", 
"Love them that hate you." 

Principles exist; we do not create them, we only discover them. . . . Religion 
consists solely in realisation. Doctrines are methods, not religion. All the 
different religions are but applications of the one religion adapted to suit the 
requirements of different nations. Theories only lead to fighting; thus the name 



of God that ought to bring peace has been the cause of half the bloodshed of the 
world. Go to the direct source. Ask God what He is. Unless He answers, He is 
not; but every religion teaches that He does answer. 

Have something to say for yourself, else how can you have any idea of what 
others have said? Do not cling to old superstitions; be ever ready for new 
truths. "Fools are they who would drink brackish water from a well that their 
forefathers have digged and would not drink pure water from a well that others 
have digged." Until we realise God for ourselves, we can know nothing about 
Him. Each man is perfect by his nature; prophets have manifested this 
perfection, but it is potential in us. How can we understand that Moses saw 
God unless we too see Him? If God ever came to anyone, He will come to me. 

I will go to God direct; let Him talk to me. I cannot take belief as a basis; that is 
atheism and blasphemy. If God spake to a man in the deserts of Arabia two 
thousand years ago, He can also speak to me today, else how can I know that 
He has not died? Come to God any way you can; only come. But in coming do 
not push anyone down. 

The knowing ones must have pity on the ignorant. One who knows is willing to 
give up his body even for an ant, because he knows that the body is nothing. 



» 



« 



Home / Complete -Works / Volume 7 / Inspired Talks / 



(Recorded by Miss S. E. Waldo, a disciple) 

Monday, August 5, 1895. 

The question is: Is it necessary to pass through all the lower stages to reach the 
highest, or can a plunge be taken at once? The modern American boy takes 
twenty-five years to attain that which his forefathers took hundreds of years to 
do. The present-day Hindu gets in twenty years to the height reached in eight 
thousand years by his ancestors. On the physical side, the embryo goes from 
the amoeba to man in the womb. These are the teachings of modern science. 
Vedanta goes further and tells us that we not only have to live the life of all 
past humanity, but also the future life of all humanity. The man who does the 
first is the educated man, the second is the Jivanmukta, for ever free (even 
while living). 

Time is merely the measure of our thoughts, and thought being inconceivably 
swift, there is no limit to the speed with which we can live the life ahead. So it 
cannot be stated how long it would take to live all future life. It might be in a 
second, or it might take fifty lifetimes. It depends on the intensity of the desire. 
The teaching must therefore be modified according to the needs of the taught. 
The consuming fire is ready for all, even water and chunks of ice quickly 
consume. Fire a mass of bird-shot, one at least will strike; give a man a whole 
museum of truths, he will at once take what is suited to him. Past lives have 
moulded our tendencies; give to the taught in accordance with his tendency. 
Intellectual, mystical, devotional, practical — make one the basis, but teach the 
others with it. Intellect must be balanced with love, the mystical nature with 
reason, while practice must form part of every method. Take every one where 
he stands and push him forward. Religious teaching must always be 
constructive, not destructive. 

Each tendency shows the life-work of the past, the line or radius along which 
that man must move. All radii lead to the centre. Never even attempt to disturb 
anyone's tendencies; to do that puts back both teacher and taught. When you 
teach Jnana, you must become a Jnani and stand mentally exactly where the 



taught stands. Similarly in every other Yoga. Develop every faculty as if it 
were the only one possessed, this is the true secret of so-called harmonious 
development. That is, get extensity with intensity, but not at its expense. We 
are infinite. There is no limitation in us, we can be as intense as the most 
devoted Mohammedan and as broad as the most roaring atheist. 

The way to do this is not to put the mind on any one subject, but to develop and 
control the mind itself; then you can turn it on any side you choose. Thus you 
keep the intensity and extensity. Feel Jnana as if it were all there was, then do 
the same with Bhakti, with Raja (-Yoga), with Karma. Give up the waves and 
go to the ocean, then you can have the waves as you please. Control the "lake" 
of your own mind, else you cannot understand the lake of another's mind. 

The true teacher is one who can throw his whole force into the tendency of the 
taught. Without real sympathy we can never teach well. Give up the notion that 
man is a responsible being, only the perfect man is responsible. The ignorant 
have drunk deep of the cup of delusion and are not sane. You, who know , must 
have infinite patience with these. Have nothing but love for them and find out 
the disease that has made them see the world in a wrong light, then help them 
to cure it and see aright. Remember always that only the free have free will; all 
the rest are in bondage and are not responsible for what they do. Will as will is 
bound. The water when melting on the top of the Himalayas is free, but 
becoming the river, it is bound by the banks; yet the original impetus carries it 
to the sea, and it regains its freedom. The first is the "fall of man", the second is 
the "resurrection". Not one atom can rest until it finds its freedom. 

Some imaginations help to break the bondage of the rest. The whole universe is 
imagination, but one set of imaginations will cure another set. Those which tell 
us that there is sin and sorrow and death in the world are terrible; but the other 
set which says ever, "I am holy, there is God, there is no pain", these are good 
and help to break the bondage of the others. The highest imagination that can 
break all the links of the chain is that of Personal God. 

"Om tat sat" is the only thing beyond Maya, but God exists eternally. As long 
as the Niagara Falls exist, the rainbow will exist; but the water continually 
flows away. The falls are the universe, and the rainbow is personal God; and 



both are eternal. While the universe exists, God must exist. God creates the 
universe, and the universe creates God; and both are eternal. Maya is neither 
existence nor non-existence. Both the Niagara Falls and the rainbow are 
eternally changeable. . . . Brahman seen through Maya. Persians and Christians 
split Maya into two and call the good half "God" and the bad half the "devil". 
Vedanta takes Maya as a whole and recognises a unity beyond it — Brahman. . 



Mohammed found that Christianity was straying out from the Semitic fold and 
his teachings were to show what Christianity ought to be as a Semitic religion, 
that it should hold to one God. The Aryan idea that "I and my Father are one" 
disgusted and terrified him. In reality the conception of the Trinity was a great 
advance over the dualistic idea of Jehovah, who was for ever separate from 
man. The theory of incarnation is the first link in the chain of ideas leading to 
the recognition of the oneness of God and man. God appearing first in one 
human form, then re-appearing at different times in other human forms, is at 
last recognised as being in every human form, or in all men. Monistic is the 
highest stage, monotheistic is a lower stage. Imagination will lead you to the 
highest even more rapidly and easily than reasoning. 

Let a few stand out and live for God alone and save religion for the world. Do 
not pretend to be like Janaka when you are only the "progenitor" of delusions. 
(The name Janaka means "progenitor" and belonged to a king who, although he 
still held his kingdom for the sake of his people, had given up everything 
mentally.) Be honest and say, "I see the ideal but I cannot yet approach it"; but 
do not pretend to give up when you do not. If you give up, stand fast. If a 
hundred fall in the fight, seize the flag and carry it on. God is true for all that, 
no matter who fails. Let him who falls hand on the flag to another to carry on; 
it can never fall. 

When I am washed and clean, why shall impurity be added on to me? Seek first 
the kingdom of Heaven, and let everything else go. Do not want anything 
"added into you"; be only glad to get rid of it. Give up and know that success 
will follow, even if you never see it. Jesus left twelve fishermen, and yet those 
few blew up the Roman Empire. 



Sacrifice on God's altar earth's purest and best. He who struggles is better than 
he who never attempts. Even to look on one who has given up has a purifying 
effect. Stand up for God; let the world go. Have no compromise. Give up the 
world, then alone you are loosened from the body. When it dies, you are 
azad, free. Be free. Death alone can never free us. Freedom must be attained by 
our own efforts during life; then, when the body falls, there will be no rebirth 
for the free. 

Truth is to be judged by truth and by nothing else. Doing good is not the test of 
truth; the Sun needs no torch by which to see it. Even if truth destroys the 
whole universe, still it is truth; stand by it. 

Practising the concrete forms of religion is easy and attracts the masses; but 
really there is nothing in the external. 

"As the spider throws her web out of herself and draws it in, even so this 
universe is thrown out and drawn in by God." 



» 



« 



Home / Complete -Works / Volume 7 / Inspired Talks / 



(Recorded by Miss S. E. Waldo, a disciple) 

Tuesday, August 6, 1895. 

Without the "I" there can be no "you" outside. From this some philosophers 
came to the conclusion that the external world did not exist save in the subject; 
that the "you" existed only in the "I". Others have argued that the "I" can only 
be known through the "you" and with equal logic. These two views are partial 
truths, each wrong in part and each right in part. Thought is as much material 
and as much in nature as body is. Both matter and mind exist in a third, a unity 
which divides itself into the two. This unity is the Atman, the real Self. 

There is being, "x", which is manifesting itself as both mind and matter. Its 
movements in the seen are along certain fixed lines called law. As a unity, it is 
free; as many, it is bound by law. Still, with all this bondage, an idea of 
freedom is ever present, and this is Nivritti, or the "dragging from attachment". 
The materialising forces which through desire lead us to take an active part in 
worldly affairs are called Pravritti. 

That action is moral which frees us from the bondage of matter and vice versa. 
This world appears infinite, because everything is in a circle; it returns to 
whence it came. The circle meets, so there is no rest or peace here in any place. 
We must get out. Mukti is the one end to be attained. . . . 

Evil changes in form but remains the same in quality. In ancient times force 
ruled, today it is cunning. Misery in India is not so bad as in America, because 
the poor man here sees the greater contrast to his own bad condition. 

Good and evil are inextricably combined, and one cannot be had without the 
other. The sum total of energy in this universe is like a lake, every wave 
inevitably leads to a corresponding depression. The sum total is absolutely the 
same; so to make one man happy is to make another unhappy. External 
happiness is material and the supply is fixed; so that not one grain can be had 
by one person without taking from another. Only bliss beyond the material 
world can be had without loss to any. Material happiness is but a 



transformation of material sorrow. 



Those who are born in the wave and kept in it do not see the depression and 
what is there. Never think, you can make the world better and happier. The 
bullock in the oil-mill never reaches the wisp of hay tied in front of him, he 
only grinds out the oil. So we chase the will-o'-the-wisp of happiness that 
always eludes us, and we only grind nature's mill, then die, merely to begin 
again. If we could get rid of evil, we should never catch a glimpse of anything 
higher; we would be satisfied and never struggle to get free. When man finds 
that all search for happiness in matter is nonsense, then religion begins. All 
human knowledge is but a part of religion. 

In the human body the balance between good and evil is so even that there is a 
chance for man to wish to free himself from both. 

The free never became bound; to ask how he did, is an illogical question. 

Where no bondage is, there is no cause and effect. "I became a fox in a dream 
and a dog chased me." Now how can I ask why the dog chased me? The fox 
was a part of the dream, and the dog followed as a matter of course; but both 
belong to the dream and have no existence outside. Science and religion are 
both attempts to help us out of the bondage; only religion is the more ancient, 
and we have the superstition that it is the more holy. In a way it is, because it 
makes morality a vital point, and science does not. 

"Blessed are the pure in heart, for they shall see God." This sentence alone 
would save mankind if all books and prophets were lost. This purity of heart 
will bring the vision of God. It is the theme of the whole music of this universe. 
In purity is no bondage. Remove the veils of ignorance by purity, then we 
manifest ourselves as we really are and know that we were never in bondage. 
The seeing of many is the great sin of all the world. See all as Self and love all; 
let all idea of separateness go. . . . 

The diabolical man is a part of my body as a wound or a burn is. We have to 
nurse it and get it better; so continually nurse and help the diabolical man, until 
he "heals" and is once happy and healthy. 



While we think on the relative plane, we have the right to believe that as bodies 
we can be hurt by relative things and equally that we can be helped by them. 
This idea of help, abstracted, is what we call God. The sum total of all ideas of 
help is God. 

God is the abstract compound of all that is merciful and good and helpful; that 
should be the sole idea. As Atman, we have no body; so to say, "I am God, and 
poison does not hurt me", is an absurdity. While there is a body and we see it, 
we have not realised God. Can the little whirlpool remain after the river 
vanishes? Cry for help, and you will get it; and at last you will find that the one 
crying for help has vanished, and so has the Helper, and the play is over; only 
the Self remains. 

This once done, come back and play as you will. This body can then do no evil, 
because it is not until the evil forces are all burned out that liberation comes. 

All dross has been burned out and there remains "flame without heat and 
without smoke". 

The past momentum carries on the body, but it can only do good, because the 
bad was all gone before freedom came. The dying thief on the cross reaped the 
effects of his past actions. He had been a Yogi and had slipped; then he had to 
be born again; again he slipped and became a thief; but the past good he had 
done bore fruit, and he met Jesus in the moment when liberation could come, 
and one word made him free. 

Buddha set his greatest enemy free, because he, by hating him (Buddha) so 
much, kept constantly thinking of him; that thought purified his mind, and he 
became ready for freedom. Therefore think of God all the time, and that will 
purify you. . . . 

{Thus ended the beautiful lessons of our beloved Guru. The following Monday 
he left Thousand Island Park and returned to New York.) 



» 



Complete Works of Swami Vivekananda 



Volume 7 

Conversations and Dialogues 

I - XXIX ( From the Diary of a Disciple ) 
XXX - XXXI (Shri Priya Nath Sinha) 
XXXII (Mrs. Wright) 

XXXIII (The Appeal- Avalanche) 

XXXIV (The Detroit Free Press) 

XXXV ( The Detroit Tribune) 



Complete Works of Swami Vivekananda 



Volume 7 

Conversations and Dialogues 

I - XXIX ( From the diary of a disciple) 
(Shri Sharat Chandra Chakravarty, B.A.) 

I 

II 

m 

IV 

v 

VI 

VII 

VIII 

IX 

X 

XI 

XII 

XIII 



XIV 



XV 

XVI 

XVII 

XVIII 

XIX 

XX 

XXI 

XXII 

XXIII 

XXIV 

XXV 

XXVI 

XXVII 
XXVIII 
XXIX 



Complete Works of Swami Vivekananda 



Volume 7 



Conversations and Dialogues 

XXX - XXXI (Sh ri Priya Nath Sinha) 

XXX 

XXXI 



« 



Home / Complete- Works / Volume 7 / Conversations and dialogues / 



CONVERSATIONS AND DIALOGUE 

XXXII 

VENGEANCE OF HISTORY 

{Mrs. Wright ) 

[At the end of August 1893, Swami Vivekananda stayed at Annisquam at the 
house of Prof. J. H. Wright. So astonishing a sight did Swamiji present in this 
quiet little New England village that speculations set in at once as to who this 
majestic and colourful figure might be. From where had he come? At first they 
decided that he was a Brahmin from India, but his manners did not fully 
conform to their ideas.] It was something that needed explanation and they 
unanimously repaired to the cottage after supper, to hear this strange new 
discourse. . . . 

"It was the other day," he said, in his musical voice, "only just the other day — 
not more than four hundred years ago." And then followed tales of cruelty and 
oppression, of a patient race and a suffering people, and of a judgment to come! 
"Ah, the English!" he said. "Only just a little while ago they were savages, the 
vermin crawled on the ladies' bodies, . . . and they scented themselves to 
disguise the abominable odour of their persons. . . . Most hor-r-ible! Even now 
they are barely emerging from barbarism." 

"Nonsense," said one of his scandalised hearers, "that was at least five hundred 
years ago." 

"And did I not say 'a little while ago'? What are a few hundred years when you 
look at the antiquity of the human soul?" Then with a turn of tone, quite 
reasonable and gentle, "They are quite savage", he said. "The frightful cold, the 
want and privation of their northern climate", going on more quickly and 
warmly, "has made them wild. They only think to kill. . . . Where is their 
religion? They take the name of that Holy One, they claim to love their 



fellowmen, they civilise — by Christianity! — No! It is their hunger that has 
civilised them, not their God. The love of man is on their lips, in their hearts 
there is nothing but evil and every violence. 'I love you my brother, I love you!' 
. . . and all the while they cut his throatl Their hands are red with blood." . . . 
Then, going on more slowly, his beautiful voice deepening till it sounded like a 
bell, "But the judgment of God will fall upon them. 'Vengeance is mine; I will 
repay, saith the Lord', and destruction is coming. What are your Christians? 

Not one third of the world. Look at those Chinese, millions of them. They are 
the vengeance of God that will light upon you. There will be another invasion 
of the Huns", adding, with a little chuckle, "they will sweep over Europe, they 
will not leave one stone standing upon another. Men, women, children, all will 
go and the dark ages will come again." His voice was indescribably sad and 
pitiful; then suddenly and flippantly, dropping the seer, "Me — I don't care! 

The world will rise up better from it, but it is coming. The vengeance of God, it 
is coming soon." 

"Soon?" they all asked. 

"It will not be a thousand years before it is done." 

They drew a breath of relief. It did not seem imminent. 

"And God will have vengeance", he went on. "You may not see it in religion, 
you may not see it in politics, but you must see it in history, and as it has been; 
it will come to pass. If you grind down the people, you will suffer. We in India 
are suffering the vengeance of God. Look upon these things. They ground 
down those poor people for their own wealth, they heard not the voice of 
distress, they ate from gold and silver when the people cried for bread, and the 
Mohammedans came upon them slaughtering and killing: slaughtering and 
killing they overran them. India has been conquered again and again for years, 
and last and worst of all came the Englishman. You look about India, what has 
the Hindu left? Wonderful temples, everywhere. What has the Mohammedan 
left? Beautiful palaces. What has the Englishman left? Nothing but mounds of 
broken brandy bottles! And God has had no mercy upon my people because 
they had no mercy. By their cruelty they degraded the populace; and when they 
needed them, the common people had no strength to give for their aid. If man 



cannot believe in the Vengeance of God, he certainly cannot deny the 
Vengeance of History. And it will come upon the English; they have their heels 
on our necks, they have sucked the last drop of our blood for their own 
pleasures, they have carried away with them millions of our money, while our 
people have starved by villages and provinces. And now the Chinaman is the 
vengeance that will fall upon them; if the Chinese rose today and swept the 
English into the sea, as they well deserve , it would be no more than justice." 

And then, having said his say, the Swami was silent. A babble of thin-voiced 
chatter rose about him, to which he listened, apparently unheeding. 
Occasionally he cast his eye up to the roof and repeated softly, "Shiva! Shiva!" 
and the little company, shaken and disturbed by the current of powerful 
feelings and vindictive passion which seemed to be flowing like molten lava 
beneath the silent surface of this strange being, broke up, perturbed. 

He stayed days [actually it was only a long weekend]. . . . All through, his 
discourses abounded in picturesque illustrations and beautiful legends. . . . 

One beautiful story he told was of a man whose wife reproached him with his 
troubles, reviled him because of the success of others, and recounted to him all 
his failures. "Is this what your God has done for you", she said to him, "after 
you have served Him so many years?" Then the man answered, "Am I a trader 
in religion? Look at the mountain. What does it do for me, or what have I done 
for it? And yet I love it because I am so made that I love the beautiful. Thus I 
love God." . . . There was another story he told of a king who offered a gift to a 
Rishi. The Rishi refused, but the king insisted and begged that he would come 
with him. When they came to the palace, he heard the king praying, and the 
king begged for wealth, for power, for length of days from God. The Rishi 
listened, wondering, until at last he picked up his mat and started away. Then 
the king opened his eyes from his prayers and saw him. "Why are you going?" 
he said. "You have not asked for your gift." "I", said the Rishi, "ask from a 
beggar?" 

When someone suggested to him that Christianity was a saving power, he 
opened his great dark eyes upon him and said, "If Christianity is a saving 
power in itself, why has it not saved the Ethiopians, the Abyssinians?" 



Often on Swamiji's lips was the phrase, "They would not dare to do this to a 
monk." ... At times he even expressed a great longing that the English 
government would take him and shoot him. "It would be the first nail in their 
coffin", he would say, with a little gleam of his white teeth, "and my death 
would run through the land like wild fire." 

His great heroine was the dreadful [?] Ranee of the Indian mutiny, who led her 
troops in person. Most of the old mutineers, he said, had become monks in 
order to hide themselves, and this accounted very well for the dangerous 
quality of the monks' opinions. There was one man of them who had lost four 
sons and could speak of them with composure, but whenever he mentioned the 
Ranee, he would weep, with tears streaming down his face. "That woman was a 
goddess", he said, "a devi. When overcome, she fell on her sword and died like 
a man." It was strange to hear the other side of the Indian mutiny, when you 
would never believe that there was another side to it, and to be assured that a 
Hindu could not possibly kill a woman. . . . 



» 



« 



Home / Complete- Works / Volume 7 / Conversations and dialogues / 



CONVERSATIONS AND DIALOGUE 

XXXIII 

RELIGION, CIVILISATION, AND MIRACLES 

( The Appeal- Avalanche) 

"I am a monk," he said, as he sat in the parlors of La Salette Academy, (On 
January 21, 1894.) which is his home while in Memphis, "and not a priest. When 
at home I travel from place to place, teaching the people of the villages and 
towns through which I pass. I am dependent upon them for my sustenance, as I 
am not allowed to touch money." 

"I was born," he continued, in answer to a question, "in Bengal and become a 
monk and a celibate from choice. At my birth my father had a horoscope taken 
of my life, but would never tell me what it was. Some years ago when I visited 
my home, my father having died, I came across the chart among some papers in 
my mother's possession and saw from it that I was destined to become a 
wanderer on the face of the earth." 

There was a touch of pathos in the speaker's voice and a murmur of sympathy 
ran around the group of listeners. Kananda (American reporters generally spelt his 
name as Vive Kananda in those days.) knocked the ashes from his cigar and was 
silent for a space. 

Presently some one asked: 

"If your religion is all that you claim it is, if it is the only true faith, how is it 
that your people are not more advanced in civilisation than we are? Why has it 
not elevated them among the nations of the world?" 

"Because that is not the sphere of any religion," replied the Hindu gravely. "My 
people are the most moral in the world, or quite as much as any other race. 



They are more considerate of their fellow man's rights, and even those of dumb 
animals, but they are not materialists. No religion has ever advanced the 
thought or inspiration of a nation or people. In fact, no great achievement has 
ever been attained in the history of the world that religion has not retarded. 
Your boasted Christianity has not proven an exception in this respect. Your 
Darwins, your Mills, your Humes, have never received the endorsement of 
your prelates. Why, then, criticise my religion on this account?" 

"I would not give a fig for a faith that does not tend to elevate mankind's lot on 
earth as well as his spiritual condition," said one of the group, 'and therein I am 
not prepared to admit the correctness of your statements. Christianity has 
founded colleges, hospitals and raised the degenerate. It has elevated the 
downcast and helped its followers to live." 

"You are right there to a certain extent," replied the monk calmly, "and yet it is 
not shown that these things are directly the result of your Christianity. There 
are many causes operating in the West to produce these results. 

"Religious thought should be directed to developing man's spiritual side. 
Science, art, learning and metaphysical research all have their proper functions 
in life, but if you seek to blend them, you destroy their individual 
characteristics until, in time, you eliminate the spiritual, for instance, from the 
religious altogether. You Americans worship what? The dollar. In the mad rush 
for gold, you forget the spiritual until you have become a nation of materialists. 
Even your preachers and churches are tainted with the all-pervading desire. 
Show me one in the history of your people, who has led the spiritual lives that 
those whom I can name at home have done. Where are those who, when death 
comes, could say, 'O Brother Death, I welcome thee.' Your religion helps you 
to build Ferris wheels and Eiffel towers, but does it aid you in the development 
of your inner lives?" 

The monk spoke earnestly, and his voice, rich and well modulated, came 
through the dusk that pervaded the apartment, half-sadly, half-accusingly. 

There was something of the weird in the comments of this stranger from a land 
whose history dates back 6,000 years upon the civilisation of the Nineteenth 
Century America. 



"But, in pursuing the spiritual, you lost sight of the demands of the present," 
said some one. "Your doctrine does not help men to live." 

"It helps them to die," was the answer. 

"We are sure of the present." 

"You are sure of nothing." 

"The aim of the ideal religion should be to help one to live and to prepare one 
to die at the same time." 

"Exactly," said the Hindu, quickly, "and it is that which we are seeking to 
attain. I believe that the Hindu faith has developed the spiritual in its devotees 
at the expense of the material, and I think that in the Western world the 
contrary is true. By uniting the materialism of the West with the spiritualism of 
the East I believe much can be accomplished. It may be that in the attempt the 
Hindu faith will lose much of its individuality." 

"Would not the entire social system of India have to be revolutionised to do 
what you hope to do?" 

"Yet, probably, still the religion would remain unimpaired." 

The conversation here turned upon the form of worship of the Hindus, and 
Kananda gave some interesting information on this subject. There are agnostics 
and atheists in India as well as elsewhere. "Realisation" is the one thing 
essential in the lives of the followers of Brahma. Faith is not necessary. 
Theosophy is a subject with which Kananda is not versed, nor is it a part of his 
creed unless he chooses to make it so. It is more of a separate study. Kananda 
never met Mme. Blavatsky, but has met Col. Olcott of the American 
Theosophical Society. He is also acquainted with Annie Besant. Speaking of 
the "fakirs" of India, the famous jugglers or musicians [magicians?], whose 
feats have made for them a world- wide reputation, Kananda told of a few 
episodes that had come within his observation and which almost surpass belief. 

"Five months ago," he said, when questioned on this subject, "or just one 



month before I left India to come to this country, I happened in company in a 
caravan or party of 25 to sojourn for a space in a city in the interior. While 
there we learned of the marvellous work of one of these itinerant magicians and 
had him brought before us. He told us he would produce for us any article we 
desired. We stripped him, at his request, until he was quite naked and placed 
him in the corner of the room. I threw my travelling blanket about him and then 
we called upon him to do as he had promised. He asked what we should like, 
and I asked for a bunch of California [?] grapes, and straightway the fellow 
brought them forth from under his blanket. Oranges and other fruits were 
produced, and finally great dishes of steaming rice." 

Continuing, the monk said he believed in the existence of a "sixth sense" and in 
telepathy. He offered no explanation of the feats of the fakirs, merely saying 
that they were very wonderful. The subject of idols came up and the monk said 
that idols formed a part of his religion insomuch as the symbol is concerned. 

"What do you worship?" said the monk, "What is your idea of God?" 

"The spirit," said a lady quietly. 

"What is the spirit? Do you Protestants worship the words of the Bible or 
something beyond? We worship the God through the idol." 

"That is, you attain the subjective through the objective," said a gentleman who 
had listened attentively to the words of the stranger. 

"Yes, that is it," said the monk, gratefully. 

Vive Kananda discussed further in the same strain until the call terminated as 
the hour for the Hindu's lecture approached. 



» 



« 



Home / Complete- Works / Volume 7 / Conversations and dialogues / 



CONVERSATIONS AND DIALOGUE 

XXXIV 

RELIGIOUS HARMONY 

(The Detroit Free Press , February 14, 1894) 

Swami is a person of medium stature, with the dusky complexion common 
with people of his nationality, gentle in manner, deliberate in movement, and 
extremely courteous in every word, movement, and gesture. But the most 
striking feature of his personality are his eyes, which are of great brilliancy. 

The conversation naturally drifted upon the subject of religion, when Swami 
said among many other striking remarks: 

"I make the distinction between religion and creed. Religion is the acceptance 
of all existing creeds, seeing in them the same striving towards the same 
destination. Creed is something antagonistic and combative. There are different 
creeds, because there are different people, and the creed is adapted to the 
commonwealth where it furnishes what people want. As the world is made up 
of infinite variety of persons of different natures, intellectually, spiritually, and 
materially, so these people take to themselves that form of belief in the 
existence of a great and good moral law, which is best fitted for them. Religion 
recognizes and is glad of the existence of all these forms because of the 
beautiful underlying principle. 

The same goal is reached by different routes and my way would not be suited 
perhaps to the temperament of my Western neighbour, the same that his route 
would not commend itself to my disposition and philosophical way of thinking. 
I belong to the Hindu religion. That is not the Buddhists' creed, one of the sects 
of the Hindu religion. We never indulge in missionary work. We do not seek to 
thrust the principles of our religion upon anyone. The fundamental principles of 
our religion forbid that. Nor do we say anything against any missionaries 
whom you send from this country anywhere. For all of us they are entirely 



welcome to penetrate the innermost recesses of the earth. Many come to us, but 
we do not struggle for them; we have no missionaries striving to bring anyone 
to our way of thinking. With no effort from us many forms of the Hindu 
religion are spreading far and wide, and these manifestations have taken the 
form of Christian science, theosophy, and Edwin Arnold's Light of Asia. Our 
religion is older than most religions and the Christian creed — I do not call it 
religion, because of its antagonistic features — came directly from the Hindu 
religion. It is one of the great offshoots. The Catholic religion also takes all its 
forms from us — the confessional, the belief in saints and so on — and a 
Catholic priest who saw this absolute similarity and recognised the truth of the 
origin of the Catholic religion was dethroned from his position because he 
dared to publish a volume explaining all that he observed and was convinced 
of." 

"You recognise agnostics in your religion?" was asked. 

"Oh, yes; philosophical agnostics and what you call infidels. When Buddha, 
who is with us a saint, was asked by one of his followers: 'Does God exist?' He 
replied: 'God. When have I spoken to you about God? This I tell you, be good 
and do good.' The philosophical agnostics — there are many of us — believe in 
the great moral law underlying everything in nature and in the ultimate 
perfection. All the creeds which are accepted by all people are but the 
endeavours of humanity to realise that infinity of Self which lies in the great 
future." 

"Is it beneath the dignity of your religion to resort to missionary effort?" 

For reply the visitor from the Orient turned to a little volume and referred to an 
edict among other remarkable edicts. 

"This," he said, "was written 200 B.C., and will be the best answer I can give 
you on that question." 

In delightfully clear, well modulated tones, he read: 

"The King Piyadasi, beloved of the gods, honours all sects, both ascetics and 
householders; he propitiates them by alms and other gifts, but he attaches less 



importance to gifts and honours than to endeavour to promote the essential 
moral virtues. It is true the prevalence of essential virtues differs in different 
sects, but there is a common basis. That is, gentleness, moderation in language 
and morality. Thus one should not exalt one's own sect and decry others, but 
tender them on every occasion the honour they deserve. Striving thus, one 
promotes the welfare of his own sect, while serving the others. Striving 
otherwise, one does not serve his own sect, while disserving others; and 
whosoever, from attachment to his own sect and with a view to promoting it, 
decries others, only deals rude blows to his own sect. Hence concord alone is 
meritorious, so that all bear and love to bear the beliefs of each other. It is with 
this purpose that this edict has been inscribed; that all people, whatever their 
fate may be, should be encouraged to promote the essential moral doctrines in 
each and mutual respects for all other sects. It is with this object that the 
ministers of religion, the inspectors and other bodies of officers should all 
work." 

After reading this impressive passage Swami Vive Kananda remarked that the 
same wise king who had caused this edict to be inscribed had forbidden the 
indulgence of war, as its horrors were antagonistic to all the principles of the 
great and universal moral doctrine. "For this reason," remarked the visitor, 
"India has suffered in its material aspect. Where brute strength and bloodshed 
has advanced other nations, India has deprecated such brutal manifestations; 
and by the law of the survival of the fittest, which applies to nations as well as 
to individuals, it has fallen behind as a power on the earth in the material 
sense." 

"But will it not be an impossibility to find in the great combative Western 
countries, where such tremendous energy is needed to develop the pressing 
practical necessities of the nineteenth century, this spirit which prevails in 
placid India?" 

The brilliant eyes flashed, and a smile crossed the features of the Eastern 
brother. 

"May not one combine the energy of the lion with the gentleness of the lamb?" 
he asked. 



Continuing, he intimated that perhaps the future holds the conjunction of the 
East and the West, a combination which would be productive of marvellous 
results. A condition which speaks well for the natures of the Western nation is 
the reverence in which women are held and the gentle consideration with which 
they are treated. 

He says with the dying Buddha, "Work out your own salvation. I cannot help 
you. No man can help you. Help yourself." Harmony and peace, and not 
dissension, is his watchword. 

The following story is one which he related recently regarding the practice of 
fault-finding among creeds: 

"A frog lived in a well. It had lived there for a long time. It was born there and 
brought up there, and yet was a little, small frog. Of course the evolutionists 
were not there to tell us whether the frog lost its eyes or not, but, for our story's 
sake, we must take it for granted that it had eyes, and that it every day cleansed 
the waters of all the worms and bacilli that lived in it, with an energy that 
would give credit to our modern bacteriologists. In this way it went on and 
became a little sleek and fat — perhaps as much so as myself. Well, one day 
another frog that lived in the sea, came and fell into the well. 

"'Whence are you from?' 

"'I am from the sea.' 

"'The sea? How big is that? Is it as big as my well?' and he took a leap from 
one side of the well to the other. 

"'My friend,' says the frog of the sea, 'how do you compare the sea with your 
little well?' 

"'Then the frog took another leap and asked; 'Is your sea so big?' 

"'What nonsense you speak to compare the sea with your well.' 

"Well, then,' said the frog of the well, 'nothing can be bigger than my well; 



there can be nothing bigger than this; this fellow is a liar, so turn him out.' 
"That has been the difficulty all the while. 

"I am a Hindu. I am sitting in my own little well, and thinking that the world is 
my well. The Christian sits in his little well and the whole world is his well. 
The Mohammedan sits in his well and thinks the whole world that. I have to 
thank you of America for the great attempt you are making to break down the 
barriers of this little world of ours, and hope that, in the future, the Lord will 
help you to accomplish that purpose." 



» 



« 



Home / Complete- Works / Volume 7 / Conversations and dialogues / 



CONVERSATIONS AND DIALOGUE 

XXXV 

FALLEN WOMEN 

(The Detroit Tribune , March 17, 1894) 

"Lalun is a member of the most ancient profession in the world. Lilith was her 
very great-grandmamma, and that was before the days of Eve, as everyone 
knows. In the West people say rude things about Lalun's profession and write 
lectures about it, and distribute the lectures to young persons in order that 
morality may be preserved. In the East, where the profession is hereditary, 
descending from mother to daughter, nobody writes lectures or takes any 
notice." — RUDYARD KIPLING. 

The story of which the sentences that precede this one are a paragraph, was 
written in India. They were written by Rudyard Kipling, from whom most of us 
have learned all that we definitely know about India, with the exception of the 
fact that India raises wheat enough to be a great competitor of our own farmers, 
that men work there for two cents a day and that women throw their babies into 
the Ganga, which is the sacred river of the country. 

But Vive Kananda, since he came to this country, has exploded the story about 
the women of India feeding their babies to the alligators, and now he says that 
he never heard of Rudyard Kipling until he came to America, and that it is not 
proper in India to talk of such a profession as that of Lalun, out of which Mr. 
Kipling has made one of his most delightful and instructive tales. 

"In India," said Kananda yesterday, "we do not discuss such things. No one 
ever speaks of those unfortunate women. When a woman is discovered to be 
unchaste in India, she is hurled out from her caste. No one thereafter can touch 
or speak to her. If she went into the house, they would take up and clean the 
carpets and wash the walls she breathed against. No one can have anything to 



do with such a person. There are no women who are not virtuous in Indian 
society. It is not at all as it is in this country. Here there are bad women living 
side by side with virtuous women in your society. One cannot know who is bad 
and who is good in America. But in India once a woman slips, she is an outcast 
for ever — she and her children, sons and daughters. It is terrible, I admit, but it 
keeps society pure." 

"How about the men?" was asked. "Does the same rule hold in regard to them? 
Are they outcast when they are proven to be unchaste?" 

"Oh, no. It is quite different with them. It would be so, perhaps, if they could be 
found out. But the men move about. They can go from place to place. It is not 
possible to discover them. The women are shut up in the house. They are 
certainly discovered if they do anything wrong. And when they are discovered, 
they are thrown out. Nothing can save them. Sometimes it is very hard when a 
father has to give up his daughter or a husband his wife. But if they do not give 
them up, they will be banished with them too. It is very different in this 
country. Women cannot go about there and make associations as they do here. 

It is very terrible, but it makes society pure. 

"I think that unchastity is the one great sin of your country. It must be so, there 
is so much luxury here. A poor girl would sell herself for a new bonnet. It must 
be so where there is so much luxury." 

Mr. Kipling says this about Lalun and her profession: 

"Lalun's real husband, for even ladies of Lalun's profession have husbands in 
the East, was a great, big jujube tree. Her mama, who had married a fig, spent 
ten thousand rupees on Lalun's wedding, which was blessed by forty-seven 
clergymen of mama's church, and distributed 5,000 rupees in charity to the 
poor. And that was a custom of the land." 

"In India when a woman is unfaithful to her husband she loses her caste, but 
none of her civil or religious rights. She can still own property and the temples 
are still open to her. 

"Yes," said Kananda, "a bad woman is not allowed to marry. She cannot marry 



any one without their being an outcast like herself, so she marries a tree, or 
sometimes a sword. It is the custom. Sometimes these women grow very rich 
and become very charitable, but they can never regain their caste. In the 
interior towns, where they still adhere to the old customs, she cannot ride in a 
carriage, no matter how wealthy she may be; the best that she is allowed is a 
pair of bullocks. And then in India she has to wear a dress of her own, so that 
she can be distinguished. You can see these people going by, but no one ever 
speaks to them. The greatest number of these women is in the cities. A good 
many of them are Jews too, but they all have different quarters of the cities, 
you know. They all live apart. It is a singular thing that, bad as they are, 
wretched as some of these women are, they will not admit a Christian lover. 
They will not eat with them or touch them — the 'omnivorous barbarians', as 
they call them. They call them that because they eat everything. Do you know 
what that disease, the unspeakable disease, is called in India? It is called 'Bad 
Faringan', which means 'the Christian disease'. It was the Christian that brought 
it into India. 

"Has there been any attempt in India to solve this question? Is it a public 
question the way it is in America?" 

"No, there has been very little done in India. There is a great field for women 
missionaries if they would convert prostitutes in India. They do nothing in 
India — very little. There is one sect, the Veshnava [Vaishnava] (Words in square 
brackets are ours. — Ed.), who try to reclaim these women. This is a religious sect. 
I think about 90 per cent [?] of all prostitutes belong to this sect. This sect does 
not believe in caste and they go everywhere without reference to caste. There 
are certain temples, as the temple of Jagatnot [Jagannath], where there is no 
caste. Everybody who goes into that town takes off his caste while he is there, 
because that is holy ground and everything is supposed to be pure there. When 
he goes outside, he resumes it again, for caste is a mere worldly thing. You 
know some of the castes are so particular that they will not eat any food unless 
it is prepared by themselves. They will not touch any one outside their caste. 
But in the city they all live together. This is the only sect in India that makes 
proselytes. It makes everybody a member of its church. It goes into the 
Himalayas and converts the wild men. You perhaps did not know that there 
were wild men in India. Yes, there are. They dwell at the foot of the 



Himalayas." 

"Is there any ceremony by which a woman is declared unchaste, a civil 
process?" Kananda was asked. 

"No, it is not a civil process. It is just custom. Sometimes there is a formal 
ceremony and sometimes there is not. They simply make pariahs out of them. 
When any woman is suspected sometimes they get together and give her a sort 
of trial, and if it is decided that she is guilty, then a note is sent around to all the 
other members of the caste, and she is banished. 

"Mind you," he exclaimed, "I do not mean to say that this is a solution of the 
question. The custom is terribly rigid. But you have no solution of the question, 
either. It is a terrible thing. It is a great wrong of the Western world." 



» 



Complete works of Swami Vivekananda 



Volume 7 

Translation of writings 

Note 

Memoirs of European Travel I 
Memoirs of European Travel II 
Addenda 



« 



Home / Complete- Works / Volume 7 / Translation of Writings / 



NOTE 

Swami Vivekananda left Calcutta for the West, for the second time, on the 20th 
June, 1899, by the BISN steamship Golconda. In reading these pages the reader 
should remember that Swamiji wrote them in alight, humorous tone in Bengali, 
which it is impossible to render in English. 

The second section of these memoirs, relates to his return journey from the 
West at the end of 1900. 

These were originally published in the Udbodhan. 



Editor. 



» 



Home / Complete- Works / Volume 7 / Translation of Writings / 

« 

MEMOIRS OF EUROPEAN TRAVEL 

I 

Om Namo Ndrayanaya, ("Salutations to the Lord"; the usual form of addressing a 
Sannyasin. These memoirs of his second journey to the West were addressed to Swami 
Trigunatitananda, Editor, Udbodhan and hence this form of address.) Swami. — Pronounce 
the last syllable of the second word in a high pitch, brother, in the Hrishikesh 
fashion. For seven days we have been on board the ship and every day I think of 
writing to you something about our mode of life, and of writing materials also 
you have given me enough, but the characteristic lethargy of a Bengali stands in 
the way and foils everything. In the first place, there is idleness; every day I 
think of writing — what do you call it — a diary, but then, on account of 
various preoccupations, it is postponed to the endless "tomorrow", and does not 
progress an inch. In the second place, I do not remember the dates etc., at all; 
you must do me the favour to fill these up yourselves. And, besides, if you be 
very generous, you may think that like the great devotee, Hanuman, it is 
impossible for me to remember dates and such other trivialities — owing to the 
presence of the Lord in the heart. But the real truth is that it is due to my 
foolishness and idleness. What nonsense! What comparison can there be 
between "the Solar Dynasty" (Swamiji here refers to Kalidasa's famous line of the 
Raghuvamsham : "O the difference between the majestic Solar Dynasty and my poor intellect!") 
— I beg your pardon — between Hanuman with his whole heart given to Shri 
Rama, the crown of the Solar Dynasty, and me, the lowest of the low! But then 
he crossed at one bound the ocean extending a hundred Yojanas, while we are 
crossing it confined within a wooden house, so to say, being pitched this side 
and that and somehow keeping ourselves on our feet with the help of posts and 
pillars. But there is one point of superiority on our side in that he had the 
blessed sight of Rakshasas and Rakshasis after reaching Lanka, whereas we are 
going in company with them. At dinner time that glittering of a hundred knives 

and the clattering of a hundred forks frightened brother T (Turiyananda) out of 

his wits. He now and then started lest his neighbour with auburn hair and grey, 
cat-like eyes, through inadvertence might plunge her knife into his flesh, and 
the more so, as he is rather sleek and fat. I say, did Hanuman have sea-sickness 
while crossing the sea? Do the ancient books say anything on that? You are all 



well-read men, proficient in the Ramayana and other scriptures, so you may 
settle that question. But our modern authorities are silent on that point. Perhaps 
he had not; but then the fact of his having entered into the jaws of somebody 

raises a doubt. Brother T is also of opinion that when the prow of the ship 

suddenly heaves up towards heaven as if to consult with the king of gods, and 
immediately after plunges to the bottom of the ocean as if to pierce king Yali, 
residing in the nether worlds — he at that time feels that he is being swallowed 
by the terrible and wide-gaping jaws of somebody. 

I beg your pardon, you have entrusted your work to a nice man! I owe you a 
description of the sea-voyage for seven days which will be full of poetry and 
interest, and be written in a polished, rhetorical style, but instead of that I am 
talking at random. But the fact is, having striven all my life to eat the kernel of 
Brahman, after throwing away the shell of Maya, how shall I now get the power 
of appreciating nature's beauties all of a sudden? All my life I have been on the 
move all over India, "from Varanasi to Kashmir, and thence to Khorasan, and 
Gujarat (Tulsidas.)". How many hills and rivers, mountains and springs, and 
valleys and dales, how many cloud-belted peaks covered in perpetual snow, and 
oceans tempestuous, roaring and foamy, have I not seen, and heard of, and 
crossed! But sitting on a shabby wooden bedstead in a dark room of the ground 
floor, requiring a lamp to be lighted in the day-time, with the walls variegated 
by the stain of chewed betel leaves and made noisy by the squeaking and 
tickling of rats and moles and lizards, by the side of the main street resounding 
with the rattle of hackneys and tram-cars and darkened by clouds of dust — in 
such poetic environment, the pictures of the Himalayas, oceans, meadows, 
deserts, etc., that poet Shyamacharan, puffing at the all too familiar hookah, has 
drawn with such lifelike precision, to the glory of the Bengalis — it is vain for 
us to try to imitate them! Shyamacharan in his boyhood went for a change to the 
up-country, where the water is so stimulating to the digestive functions that if 
you drink a tumblerful of it even after a very heavy meal, every bit of it will be 
digested and you will feel hungry again. Here it was that Shyamacharan's 
intuitive genius caught a glimpse of the sublime and beautiful aspects of nature. 
But there is one fly in the pot — they say that Shyamacharan's peregrinations 
extended as far as Burdwan (in Bengal) and no further! 

But at your earnest request and also to prove that I am not wholly devoid of the 



poetic instinct either, I set myself to the task with God's name, and you, too, be 
all attention. 

No ship generally leaves the port in the night — specially from a commercial 
port like Calcutta and in a river like the Hooghly or Ganga. Until the ship 
reaches the sea, it is in the charge of the pilot, who acts as the Captain, and he 
gives the command. His duty ends in either piloting the ship down to the sea or, 
if it be an incoming ship, from the mouth of the sea to the port. We have got 
two great dangers towards the mouth of the Hooghly — first, the James and 
Mary Banks near Budge-Budge, and second, the sandbank near the entrance to 
Diamond Harbour. Only in the high tide and during the day, the pilot can very 
carefully steer his ship, and in no other condition; consequently it took us two 
days to get out of the Hooghly. 

Do you remember the Ganga at Hrishikesh? That clear bluish water — in which 
one can count the fins of fishes five yards below the surface — that wonderfully 
sweet, ice-cold "charming water of the Ganga (From Valmiki's hymn.)", and that 
wonderful sound of "Hara, Hara" of the running water, and the echo of "Hara, 
Hara" from the neighbouring mountain-falls? Do you remember that life in the 
forest, the begging of Madhukari (Meaning, collected from door to door, in small bits.) 
alms, eating on small islands of rock in the bed of the Ganga, hearty drinking of 
that water with the palms, and the fearless wandering of fishes all round for 
crumbs of bread? You remember that love for Ganga water, that glory of the 
Ganga, the touch of its water that makes the mind dispassionate, that Ganga 
flowing over the Himalayas, through Srinagar, Tehri, Uttarkasi, and Gangotri 
— some of you have seen even the source of the Ganga! But there is a certain 
unforgettable fascination in our Ganga of Calcutta, muddy, and whitish — as if 
from contact with Shiva's body — and bearing a large number of ships on her 
bosom. Is it merely patriotism or the impressions of childhood? — Who knows? 
What wonderful relation is this between mother Ganga and the Hindus? Is it 
merely superstition? May be. They spend their lives with the name of Ganga on 
their lips, they die immersed in the waters of the Ganga, men from far off places 
take away Ganga water with them, keep it carefully in copper vessels, and sip 
drops of it on holy festive occasions. Kings and princes keep it in jars, and at 
considerable expense take the water from Gangotri to pour it on the head of 
Shiva at Rameshwaram! The Hindus visit foreign countries — Rangoon, Java, 



Hongkong, Madagascar, Suez, Aden, Malta — and they take with them Ganga 
water and the Gita. 

The Gita and the sacred waters of the Ganga constitute the Hinduism of the 
Hindus. Last time I went to the West, I also took a little of it with me, fearing it 
might be needed, and whenever opportunities occurred I used to drink a few 
drops of it. And every time I drank, in the midst of the stream of humanity, 
amid that bustle of civilisation, that hurry of frenzied footsteps of millions of 
men and women in the West, the mind at once became calm and still, as it were. 
That stream of men, that intense activity of the West, that clash and competition 
at every step, those seats of luxury and celestial opulence — Paris, London, 

New York, Berlin, Rome — all would disappear and I used to hear that 
wonderful sound of "Hara, Hara", to see that lonely forest on the sides of the 
Himalayas, and feel the murmuring heavenly river coursing through the heart 
and brain and every artery of the body and thundering forth, "Hara, Hara, 

Hara!" 

This time you, too, I see, have sent Mother Ganga, for Madras. But, dear 

brother, what a strange vessel have you put Mother in! Brother T is a 

Brahmacharin from his boyhood, and looks "like burning fire through the force 
of his spirituality (Kalidasa's Kumarasambhavam.)" . Formerly as a Brahmana he 
used to be saluted as "Namo Brahmane", and now it is — oh, the sublimity of 
it! — "Namo Narayanaya", as he is a Sannyasin. And it is perhaps due to that, 
that Mother, in his custody, has left her seat in the Kamandalu of Brahma, and 
been forced to enter ajar! Anyhow, getting up from bed late at night I found 
that Mother evidently could not bear staying in that awkward vessel and was 
trying to force her passage out of it. I thought it most dangerous, for if Mother 
chose to re-enact here those previous scenes of her life, such as piercing the 
Himalayas, washing away the great elephant Airavata, and pulling down the hut 
of the sage Jahnu, then it would be a terrible affair. I offered many prayers to 
Mother and said to her in various supplicatory phrases, "Mother, do wait a little, 
let us reach Madras tomorrow, and there you can do whatever you like. There 
are many there more thick-skulled than elephants — most of them with huts like 
that of Jahnu — while those half-shaven, shining heads with ample hair-tufts 
are almost made of stone, compared to which even the Himalayas would be soft 
as butter! You may break them as much as you like; now pray wait a little." But 



all my supplications were in vain. Mother would not listen to them. Then I hit 
upon a plan, and said to her, "Mother, look at those turbaned servants with 
jackets on, moving to and fro on the ship, they are Mohammedans, real, beef- 
eating Mohammedans, and those whom you find moving about sweeping and 
cleaning the rooms etc., are real scavengers, disciples of Lai Beg; and if you do 
not hear me, I will call them and ask them to touch you ! Even if that is not 
sufficient to quiet you, I will just send you to your father's home; you see that 
room there, if you are shut in there, you will get back to your primitive 
condition in the Himalayas, when all your restlessness will be silenced, and you 
shall remain frozen into a block of ice." That silenced her. So it is everywhere, 
not only in the case of gods, but among men also — whenever they get a 
devotee, they take an undue advantage over him. 

See, how I have again strayed from my subject and am talking at random. I have 
already told you at the outset that those things are not in my line, but if you bear 
with me, I shall try again. 

There is a certain beauty in one's own people which is not to be found anywhere 
else. Even the denizens of Paradise cannot compare in point of beauty with our 
brothers and sisters, or sons and daughters, however uncouth they may be. But, 
if, even roaming over Paradise and seeing the people there, you find your own 
people coming out really beautiful, then there is no bound to your delight. There 
is also a special beauty in our Bengal, covered with endless verdant stretches of 
grass, and bearing as garlands a thousand rivers and streams. A little of this 
beauty one finds in Malabar, and also in Kashmir. Is there not beauty in water? 
When there is water everywhere, and heavy showers of rain are running down 
arum leaves, while clumps of cocoanut and date palms slightly bend their heads 
under that downpour, and there is the continuous croaking of frogs all round — 
is there no beauty in such a scene as this? And one cannot appreciate the beauty 
of the banks of our Ganga, unless one is returning from foreign countries and 
entering the river by its mouth at Diamond Harbour. That blue, blue sky, 
containing in its bosom black clouds, with golden-fringed whitish clouds below 
them, underneath which clumps of cocoanut and date palms toss their tufted 
heads like a thousand chowries, and below them again is an assemblage of light, 
deep, yellowish, slightly dark, and other varieties of green massed together — 
these being the mango, lichi, blackberry, and jack- fruit trees, with an 



exuberance of leaves and foliage that entirely hide the trunk, branches, and 
twigs — while, close by, clusters of bamboos toss in the wind, and at the foot of 
all lies that grass, before whose soft and glossy surface the carpets of Yarkand, 
Persia, and Turkistan are almost as nothing — as far as the eye can reach that 
green, green grass looking as even as if some one had trimmed and pruned it, 
and stretching right down to the edge of the river — as far down the banks as 
where the gentle waves of the Ganga have submerged and are pushing playfully 
against, the land is framed with green grass, and just below this is the sacred 
water of the Ganga. And if you sweep your eye from the horizon right up to the 
zenith, you will notice within a single line such a play of diverse colours, such 
manifold shades of the same colour, as you have witnessed nowhere else. I say, 
have you ever come under the fascination of colours — the sort of fascination 
which impels the moths to die in the flame, and the bees to starve themselves to 
death in the prison of flowers? I tell you one thing — if you want to enjoy the 
beauty of Gangetic scenery, enjoy it to your heart's content now, for very soon 
the whole aspect will be altered. In the hands of money-grabbing merchants, 
everything will disappear. In place of that green grass, brick kilns will be reared 
and burrow-pits for the brickfields will be sunk. Where, now, the tiny wavelets 
of the Ganga are playing with the grass, there will be moored the jute-laden flats 
and those cargo-boats; and those variegated colours of cocoanuts and palms, of 
mangoes and lichis, that blue sky, the beauty of the clouds — these you will 
altogether miss hereafter; and you will find instead the enveloping smoke of 
coal, and standing ghostlike in the midst of that smoke, the half-distinct 
chimneys of the factories ! 

Now our ship has reached the sea. The description, which you read in Kalidasa's 
Raghuvamsham of the shores "of the sea appearing blue with forests of palm 
and other trees" and "looking like a slender rim of rust on the tyre of an iron 
wheel" etc. — is not at all accurate and faithful. With all my respects for the 
great poet, it is my belief that he never in his life saw either the ocean or the 
Himalayas. (Swamiji afterwards changed his opinion with regard to the last part, i.e. 
Kalidasa's acquaintance with the Himalayas.) 

Here there is a blending of white and black waters, somewhat resembling the 
confluence of the Ganga and Jamuna at Allahabad. Though Mukti (liberation) 
may be rare in most places, it is sure at "Hardwar, Allahabad, and the mouth of 



the Ganga". But they say that this is not the real mouth of the river. However, 
let me salute the Lord here, for "He has His eyes, and head and face everywhere 
(Gita, XIII, 13.)". 

How beautiful! As far as the eye reaches, the deep blue waters of the sea are 
rising into foamy waves and dancing rhythmically to the winds. Behind us lie 
the sacred waters of the Ganga, whitened with the ashes of Shiva's body, as we 
read in the description, "Shiva's matted locks whitened by the foam of the 
Ganga (Shankaracharya's hymn.)". The water of the Ganga is comparatively still. In 
front of us lies the parting line between the waters. There ends the white water. 
Now begin the blue waters of the ocean — before, behind and all round there is 
only blue, blue water everywhere, breaking incessantly into waves. The sea has 
blue hair, his body is of a blue complexion, and his garment is also blue. We 
read in the Puranas that millions of Asuras hid themselves under the ocean 
through fear of the gods. Today their opportunity has come, today Neptune is 
their ally, and Aeolus is at their back. With hideous roars and thundering shouts 
they are today dancing a terrible war-dance on the surface of the ocean, and the 
foamy waves are their grim laughter! In the midst of this tumult is our ship, and 
on board the ship, pacing the deck with lordly steps, are men and women of that 
nation which rules the sea-girt world, dressed in charming attire, with a 
complexion like the moonbeams — looking like self-reliance and self- 
confidence personified, and appearing to the black races as pictures of pride and 
haughtiness. Overhead, the thunder of the cloudy monsoon sky, on all sides the 
dance and roar of foam-crested waves, and the din of the powerful engines of 
our ship setting at naught the might of the sea — it was a grand conglomeration 
of sounds, to which I was listening, lost in wonder, as if in a half- waking state, 
when, all of a sudden, drowning all these sounds, there fell upon my ears the 
deep and sonorous music of commingled male and female voices singing in 
chorus the national anthem, "Rule Britannia, Britannia rules the waves!" 
Startled, I looked around and found that the ship was rolling heavily, and 

brother T , holding his head with his hands was struggling against an attack of 

sea-sickness. 

In the second class are two Bengali youths going to the West for study, whose 
condition is worse. One of them looks so frightened that he would be only too 
glad to scuttle straight home if he were allowed to land. These two lads and we 



two are the only Indians on the ship — the representatives of modern India. 

During the two days the ship was in the Ganga, brother T , under the secret 

instructions of the Editor, Udbodhan, used to urge me very much to finish my 
article on "Modem India" quickly. I too found an opportunity today and asked 
him, "Brother, what do you think is the condition of modern India?" And he, 
casting a look towards the second class and another at himself, said, with a sigh, 
"Very sad, getting very much muddled up!" 

The reason why so much importance is attached to the Hooghly branch of the 
Ganga, instead of the bigger one, Padma, is, according to many, that the 
Hooghly was the primary and principal course of the river, and latterly the river 
shifted its course, and created an outlet by the Padma. Similarly the present 
"Tolley's Nullah" represents the ancient course of the Ganga, and is known as 

/V 

the Adi-Ganga. The sailing merchant, the hero of Kavikankan's work, makes his 
voyage to Ceylon along that channel. Formerly the Ganga was navigable for big 
ships up to Triveni. The ancient port of Saptagram was situated a little distance 
off Triveni ghat, on the river Saras wati. From very ancient times Saptagram was 
the principal port for Bengal's foreign trade. Gradually the mouth of the 
Saraswati got silted up. In the year 1539 it silted up so much that the Portuguese 
settlers had to take up a site further down the Ganga, for their ships to come up. 
The site afterwards developed into the famous town of Hooghly. From the 
commencement of the sixteenth century both Indian and foreign merchants 
were feeling much anxiety about the silting up of the Ganga. But what of that? 
Human engineering skill has hitherto proved ineffectual against the gradual 
silting up of the river-bed which continues to the present day. In 1666 a French 
Missionary writes that the Ganga near Suti got completely silted up at the time. 
Holwell, of Black-Hole fame, on his way to Murshidabad was compelled to 
resort to small country-boats on account of the shallowness of the river at 
S antipur. In 1797 Captain Colebrook writes that country-boats could not ply in 
the Hooghly and the Jalangi during summer. During the years 1822-1884, the 
Hooghly was closed to all boat-traffic. For twenty-four years within this period 
the water was only two or three feet deep. In the seventeenth century, the Dutch 
planted a trade settlement at Chinsura, one mile below Hooghly. The French, 
who came still later, established their settlement at Chandernagore, still further 
down the river. In 1723 the German Ostend Company opened a factory at 
Bankipore, five miles below Chandernagore on the other side of the river. In 



1616 the Danes had started a factory at Serampore, eight miles below 
Chandernagore, and then the English established the city of Calcutta still further 
down the river. None of the above places are now accessible to ships, only 
Calcutta being open now. But everybody is afraid of its future. 

There is one curious reason why there remains so much water in the Ganga up 
to about S antipur even during summer. When the flow of the surface water has 
ceased, large quantities of water percolating through the subsoil find their way 
into the river. The bed of the Ganga is even now considerably below the level of 
the land on either side. If the level of the river-bed should gradually rise owing 
to the subsidence of fresh soil, then the trouble will begin. And there is talk 
about another danger. Even near Calcutta, through earthquakes or other causes, 
the river at times dried up so much that one could wade across. It is said that in 
1770 such a state of things happened. There is another report that on Thursday, 
the 9th October, 1734, during ebb-tide in the noon, the river dried up 
completely. Had it happened a little later, during the inauspicious last portion of 
the day, I leave it to you to infer the result. Perhaps then the river would not 
have returned to its bed again. 

So far, then, as regards the upper portion of the Hooghly; now as regards the 
portion below Calcutta. The great dangers to be faced in this portion are the 
James and Mary Banks. Formerly the river Damodar had its confluence with the 
Ganga thirty miles above Calcutta, but now, through the curious 
transformations of time, the confluence is over thirty-one miles to the south of 
it. Some six miles below this point the Rupnarayan pours its waters into the 
Ganga. The fact is there, that these two feeders rush themselves into the Ganga 
in happy combination — but how shall this huge quantity of mud be disposed 
of? Consequently big sandbanks are formed in the bed of the river, which 
constantly shift their position and are sometimes rather loose and sometimes a 
compact mass, causing no end of fear. Day and night soundings of the river's 
depth are being taken, the omission of which for a few days, through 
carelessness, would mean the destruction of ships. No sooner will a ship strike 
against them than it will either capsize or be straightway swallowed up in them! 
Cases are even recorded that within half an hour of a big three-masted ship 
striking one of these sandbanks, the whole of it disappeared in the sand, leaving 
only the top of the masts visible. These sandbanks may rightly be considered as 



the mouth of the Damodar-Rupnarayan. (There is a pun on the words Damodar- 
Rupnarayan which not only imply the two rivers, but also mean "Narayana as Damodara, or 
swallowing everything (Damodara-rupa-Narayana).") The Damodar is not now satisfied 
with Santhal villages, and is swallowing ships and steamers etc. as a sauce by 
way of variety. In 1877 a ship named "County of Sterling", with a cargo of 
1,444 tons of wheat from Calcutta, had no sooner struck one of these terrible 
sandbanks than within eight minutes there was no trace left of it. In 1874 a 
steamer carrying a load of 2,400 tons suffered the same fate in two minutes. 
Blessed be thy mouth, O Mother Ganga! I salute thee for allowing us to get off 

scot-free. Brother T says, "Sir, a goat ought to be offered to the Mother for 

her benignity." I replied, "Exactly so, brother, but why offer only one day, 

instead of everyday!" Next day brother T readverted to the topic, but I kept 

silent. The next day after that I pointed out to him at dinner-time to what an 
extent the offering of goats was progressing. Brother seemed rather puzzled and 
said, "What do you mean? It is only you who are eating." Then at considerable 
pains I had to explain to him how it was said that a youth of Calcutta once 
visited his father-in-law's place in a remote village far from the Ganga. There at 
dinner-time he found people waiting about with drums etc., and his mother-in- 
law insisted on his taking a little milk before sitting to dinner. The son-in-law 
considered it might perhaps be a local custom which he had better obey; but no 
sooner had he taken a sip of the milk than the drums began to play all around 
and his mother-in-law, with tears of joy, placed her hand on his head and 
blessed him, saying, "My son, you have really discharged the duties of a son 
today; look here, you have in your stomach the water of the Ganga, as you live 
on its banks, and in the milk there was the powdered bone of your deceased 
father-in-law; so by this act of yours his bones have reached the Ganga and his 
spirit has obtained all the merits thereof." So here was a man from Calcutta, and 
on board the ship there was plenty of meat preparations and every time one ate 
them, meat was being offered to mother Ganga. So he need not be at all anxious 

on the subject. Brother T is of such a grave disposition that it was difficult to 

discover what impression the lecture made on him. 

What a wonderful thing a ship is ! The sea, which from the shore looks so 
fearful, in the heart of which the sky seems to bend down and meet, from whose 
bosom the sun slowly rises and in which it sinks again, and the least frown of 
which makes the heart quail — that sea has been turned into a highway, the 



cheapest of all routes, by ships. Who invented the ship? No one in particular. 
That is to say, like all machinery indispensable to men — without which they 
cannot do for a single moment, and by the combination and adjustment of 
which all kinds of factory plants have been constructed — the ship also is the 
outcome of joint labour. Take for instance the wheels; how absolutely 
indispensable they are! From the creaking bullock-cart to the car of Jagannath, 
from the spinning wheel to the stupendous machinery of factories, everywhere 
there is use for the wheel. Who invented the wheel? No one in particular, that is 
to say, all jointly. The primitive man used to fell trees with axes, roll big trunks 
along inclined planes; by degrees they were cut into the shape of solid wheels, 
and gradually the naves and spokes of the modern wheel came into vogue. Who 
knows how many millions of years it took to do this? But in India all the 
successive stages of improvement are preserved. However much they may be 
improved or transformed, there are always found men to occupy the lower 
stages of evolution, and consequently the whole series is preserved. First of all a 
musical instrument was formed with a string fixed to a piece of bamboo. 
Gradually it came to be played by a horsehair bow, and the first violin was 
made; then it passed through various transformations, with different sorts of 
strings and guts, and the bow also assumed different forms and names, till at 
last the highly finished guitar and sarang etc., came into existence. But in spite 
of this, do not the Mohammedan cabmen even now with a shabby horsehair 
bow play on the crude instrument made of a bamboo pipe fixed to an earthen 
pot, and sing the story of Majwar Kahar weaving his fishing net? Go to the 
Central Provinces, and you will find even now solid wheels rolling on the roads 
— though it bespeaks a dense intellect on the part of the people, specially in 
these days of rubber tyres. 

In very ancient times, that is, in the golden age, when the common run of people 
were so sincere and truthful that they would not even cover their bodies for fear 
of hypocrisy — making the exterior look different from the interior — would 
not marry lest they might contract selfishness, and banishing all ideas of 
distinction between meum and tuum always used to look upon the property of 
others "as mere clods of earth", on the strength of bludgeons, stones, etc. 

(Swamiji is ironically describing the naked primitive man, to whom marriage was unknown, 
and who had no respect for person or property.); — in those blessed times, for voyaging 
over water, they constructed canoes and rafts and so forth, burning out the 



interior of a tree, or by fastening together a few logs of trees. Haven't you seen 
catamarans along the sea-coast from Orissa to Colombo? And you must have 
observed how far into the sea the rafts can go. There you have rudiments of ship- 
building. 

And that boat of the East Bengal boatmen boarding which you have to call on 
the five patron-saints of the river for your safety; your house-boat manned by 
Chittagong boatmen, which even in a light storm makes its helmsmen declare 
his inability to control the helm, and all the passengers are asked to take the 
names of their respective gods as a last resort; that big up-country boat with a 
pair of fantastic brass eyes at the prow, rowed by the oarsmen in a standing 
posture; that boat of merchant Shrimanta's voyage (according to Kavikankan, 
Shrimanta crossed the Bay of Bengal simply by rowing, and was about to be 
drowned owing to his boat getting caught in the antennae of a shoal of lobsters, 
and almost capsizing! Also he mistook a shell for a tiny fish, and so on), in 
other words the Gangasagar boat — nicely roofed above and having a floor of 
split bamboos, and containing in its hold rows of jars filled with Ganga water 
(which is deliciously cool, I beg your pardon, you visit Gangasagar during hard 
winter, and the chill north wind drives away all your relish for cooling drinks); 
and that small-sized boat which daily takes the Bengali Babus to their office and 
brings them back home, and is superintended over by the boatman of Bally, 
very expert and very clever — no sooner does he sight a cloud so far away as 
Konnagar than he puts the boat in safety! — they are now passing into the 
hands of the strong-bodied men from Jaunpur who speak a peculiar dialect, and 
whom your Mahant Maharaj, out of fun ordered to catch a heron — which he 
facetiously Styled as "Bakasur (A demon of the shape of a big heron, mentioned in the 
Bhagavata.)" , and this puzzled them hopelessly and they stammered out, "Please, 
sire, where are we to get this demon? It is an enigma to us"; then that bulky, 
slow-moving (cargo) boat nicknamed "Gadha (donkey)" in Bengali, which 
never goes straight, but always goes sideways; and that big species of boats, like 
the schooner, having from one to three masts, which imports cargoes of 
cocoanuts, dates and dried fish from Ceylon, the Maldives, or Arabia; — these 
and many others too numerous to mention, represent the subsequent 
development in naval construction. 

To steer a ship by means of sails is a wonderful discovery. To whichever 



direction the wind may be blowing, by a clever manipulation of the sails, the 
ship is sure to reach her destination. But she takes more time when the wind is 
contrary. A sailing ship is a most beautiful sight, and from a distance looks like 
a many-winged great bird descending from the skies. Sails, however, do not 
allow a ship to steer straight ahead, and if the wind is a little contrary, she has to 
take a zigzag course. But when there is a perfect lull, the ship is helpless and 
has to lower her sails and stand still. In the equatorial regions it frequently 
happens even now. Nowadays sailing ships also have very little of wood in 
them and are mostly made of iron. It is much more difficult to be the captain or 
sailor of a sailing ship than in a steamer, and no one can be a good captain in 
sailing ship without experience. To know the direction of the wind at every step 
and to be on one's guard against danger-spots long ahead — these two 
qualifications are indispensably necessary in a sailing ship, more than in a 
steamer. A steamer is to a great extent under human control — the engines can 
be stopped in a moment. It can be steered ahead, or astern, sideways or in any 
desired direction, within a very short time, but the sailing ship is at the mercy of 
the wind. By the time the sails can be lowered or the helm turned, the ship may 
strike a bank or run up on a submarine rock or collide with another ship. 
Nowadays sailing ships very seldom carry passengers, except coolies. They 
generally carry cargo, and that also inferior stuff, such as salt etc. Small sailing 
ships such as the schooner, do coasting trade. Sailing ships cannot afford to hire 
steamers to tow them along the Suez Canal and spend thousands of rupees as 
toll, so they can go to England in six months by rounding Africa. 

Due to all these disadvantages of sailing ships, naval warfare in the past was a 
risky affair. A slight change in the course of the wind or in the ocean-current 
would decide the fate of a battle. Again, those ships, being made of wood, 
would frequently catch fire, which had to be put out. Their construction also 
was of a different type; one end was flat and very high, with five or six decks. 
On the uppermost deck at this end there used to be a wooden verandah, in front 
of which were the commander's room and office and on either side were the 
officers' cabins. Then there was a large open space, at the other end of which 
were a few cabins. The lower decks also had similar roofed halls, one 
underneath the other. In the lowermost deck or hold were the sailor's sleeping 
and dining rooms, etc. On either side of each deck were ranged cannon, their 
muzzles projecting through the rows of apertures in the ships' walls; and on 



both sides were heaps of cannon balls (and powder bags in times of war). All 
the decks of these ancient men-of-war had very low roofs and one had to carry 
his head down when moving about. Then it was a troublesome business to 
secure marines for naval warfare. There was a standing order of the 
Government to enlist men by force or guile wherever they could be found. Sons 
were violently snatched away from their mothers, and husbands from their 
wives. Once they were made to board the ship, (which perhaps the poor fellows 
had never done in their lives), they were ordered straightway to climb the 
masts ! And if through fear they failed to carry out the order, they were flogged. 
Some would also die under the ordeal. It was the rich and influential men of the 
country who made these laws, it was they who would appropriate the benefits of 
commerce, or ravage, or conquest of different countries, and the poor people 
were simply to shed their blood and sacrifice their lives — as has been the rule 
throughout the world's history! Now those laws exist no longer, and the name of 
the Pressgang does not now send a shiver through the hearts of the peasantry 
and poor folk. Now it is voluntary service, but many juvenile criminals are 
trained as sailors in men-of-war, instead of being thrown into prison. 

Steam-power has revolutionised all this, and sails are almost superfluous 
ornaments in ships nowadays. They depend very little on winds now, and there 
is much less danger from gales and the like. Ships have now only to take care 
that they do not strike against submarine rocks. And men-of-war of the present 
day are totally different from those of the past. In the first place, they do not at 
all look like ships, but rather like floating iron fortresses of varying dimensions. 
The number of cannon also has been much reduced, but compared with the 
modern turret-guns, those of the past were mere child's play. And how fast these 
men-of-war are! The smallest of these are the torpedo-boats; those that are a 
little bigger are for capturing hostile merchant- ships, and the big ones are the 
ponderous instruments for the actual naval fight. 

During the Civil War of the United States of America, the Unionist party fixed 
rows of iron rails against the outer walls of a wooden ship so as to cover them. 
The enemy's cannon-balls striking against them were repulsed without doing 
any harm to the ship. After this, as a rule, the ship's sides began to be clad in 
iron, so that hostile balls might not penetrate the wood. The ship's cannon also 
began to improve — bigger and bigger cannon were constructed and the work 



of moving, loading, and firing them came to be executed by machinery, instead 
of with the hand. A cannon which even five hundred men cannot move an inch, 
can now be turned vertically or horizontally, loaded and fired by a little boy 
pressing a button, and all this in a second! As the iron wall of ships began to 
increase in thickness, so cannon with the power of thunder also began to be 
manufactured. At the present day, a battle-ship is a fortress with walls of steel, 
and the guns are almost as Death itself. A single shot is enough to smash the 
biggest ship into fragments. But this "iron bridal-chamber" — which Nakindar's 
father (in the popular Bengali tale) never even dreamt of, and which, instead of 
standing on the top of "Satali Hill" moves dancing on seventy thousand 
mountain-like billows, even this is mortally afraid of torpedoes! The torpedo is 
a tube somewhat shaped like a cigar, and if fired at an object travels under water 
like a fish. Then, the moment it hits its object, the highly explosive materials it 
contains explode with a terrific noise, and the ship under which this takes place 
is reduced to its original condition, that is, partly into iron and wooden 
fragments, and partly into smoke and fire! And no trace is found of the men 
who are caught in this explosion of the torpedo — the little that is found, is 
almost in a state of mince-meat! Since the invention of these torpedoes, naval 
wars cannot last long. One or two fights, and a big victory is scored or a total 
defeat. But the wholesale loss of men of both parties in naval fight which men 
apprehended before the introduction of these men-of-war has been greatly 
falsified by facts. 

If a fraction of the volley of balls discharged during a field-fight from the guns 
and rifles of each hostile army on the opponents hit their aim, then both rival 
armies would be killed to a man in two minutes. Similarly if only one of five 
hundred shots fired from a battle- ship in action hit its mark, then no trace would 
be left of the ships on both sides. But the wonder is that, as guns and rifles are 
improving in quality, as the latter are being made lighter, and the rifling in their 
barrels finer, as the range is increasing, as machinery for loading is being 
multiplied, and rate of firing quickened — the more they seem to miss their 
aim! Armed with the old fashioned unusually long-barrelled musket — which 
has to be supported on a two-legged wooden stand while firing, and ignited by 
actually setting fire and blowing into it — the Barakhjais and the Afridis can 
fire with unerring precision, while the modern trained soldier with the highly 
complex machine-guns of the present day fires 150 rounds in a minute and 



serves merely to heat the atmosphere! Machinery in a small proportion is good, 
but too much of it kills man's initiative and makes a lifeless machine of him. 

The men in factories are doing the same monotonous work, day after day, night 
after night, year after year, each batch of men doing one special bit of work — 
such as fashioning the heads of pins, or uniting the ends of threads, or moving 
backwards or forwards with the loom — for a whole life. And the result is that 
the loss of that special job means death to them — they find no other means of 
living and starve. Doing routine work like a machine, one becomes a lifeless 
machine. For that reason, one serving as a schoolmaster or a clerk for a whole 
lifetime ends by turning a stupendous fool. 

The form of merchantmen and passenger-ships is of a different type. Although 
some merchant- ships are so constructed that in times of war they can easily be 
equipped with a few guns and give chase to unarmed hostile merchant-ships, for 
which they get remuneration from their respective Governments, still they 
generally differ widely from warships. These are now mostly steamships and 
generally so big and expensive that they are seldom owned by individuals, but 
by companies. Among the carrying companies for Indian and European trade, 
the P. & O. Company is the oldest and richest, then comes the B. I. S. N. 
Company, and there are many others. Among those of foreign nationalities, the 
Messageries Maritimes (French) the Austrian Lloyd, the German Lloyd, and the 
Rubattino Company (Italian), are the most famous. Of these the passenger-ships 
of the P. & O. Company are generally believed to be the safest and fastest. And 
the arrangements of food in the Messageries Maritimes are excellent. 

When we left for Europe this time, the last two companies had stopped booking 
"native" passengers for fear of the plague-infection. And there is a law of the 
Indian Government that no "native" of India can go abroad without a certificate 
from the Emigration Office, in order to make sure that nobody is enticing him 
away to foreign countries to sell him as a slave or to impress him as a coolie, 
but that he is going of his own free will. This written document must be 
produced before they will take him into the ship. This law was so long silent 
against the Indian gentry going to foreign countries. Now on account of the 
plague epidemic it has been revived, so that the Government may be informed 
about every "native" going out. Well, in our country we hear much about some 
people belonging to the gentry and some to the lower classes. But in the eyes of 



the Government all are "natives" without exception. Maharajas, Rajas, 
Brahmins, Kshatriyas, Vaishyas, Shudras — all belong to one and the same 
class — that of "natives". The law, and the test which applies to coolies, is 
applicable to all "natives" without distinction. Thanks to you, O English 
Government, through your grace, for a moment at least I feel myself one with 
the whole body of "natives". It is all the more welcome, because this body of 
mine having come of a Kayastha family, I have become the target of attack of 
many sections. Nowadays we hear it from the lips of people of all castes in 
India that they are all full-blooded Aryans — only there is some difference of 
opinion amongst them about the exact percentage of Aryan blood in their veins, 
some claiming to have the full measure of it, while others may have one ounce 
more or less than another — that is all. But in this they are all unanimous that 
their castes are all superior to the Kayastha! And it is also reported that they and 
the English race belong to the same stock — that they are cousins-german to 
each other, and that they are not "natives". And they have come to this country 
out of humanitarian principles, like the English. And such evil customs as child- 
marriage, polygamy, image- worship, the sutti, the zenana- system, and so forth 
have no place in their religion — but these have been introduced by the 
ancestors of the Kayasthas, and people of that ilk. Their religion also is of the 
same pattern as that of the English! And their forefathers looked just like the 
English, only living under the tropical sun of India has turned them black! Now 
come forward with your pretensions, if you dare! "You are all natives ", the 
Government says. Amongst that mass of black, a shade deeper or lighter cannot 
be distinguished. The Government says, "They are all natives ". Now it is 
useless for you to dress yourselves after the English fashion. Your European 
hats etc., will avail you little henceforth. If you throw all the blame on the 
Hindus, and try to fraternise with the English, you would thereby come in for a 
greater share of cuffs and blows and not less. Blessings to you, O English 
Government! You have already become the favoured child of Fortune; may 
your prosperity increase ever more! We shall be happy once more to wear our 
loin-cloth and Dhoti — the native dress. Through your grace we shall continue 
to travel from one end of the country to the other, bare-headed, and barefooted, 
and heartily eat our habitual food of rice and Dal with our fingers, right in the 
Indian fashion. Bless the Lord! We had well-nigh been tempted by Anglo- 
Indian fashions and been duped by its glamour. We heard it said that no sooner 
did we give up our native dress, native religion, and native manners and 



customs, than the English people would take us on their shoulders and lionise 
us. And we were about to do so, when smack came the whip of the Englishman 
and the thud of British boots — and immediately men were seized by a panic 
and turned away, bidding good-bye to English ways, eager to confess their 
"native" birth. 

"The English ways we'd copy with such pains, 

The British boots did stamp out from our brains ! " 

Blessed be the English Government! May their throne be firm and their rule 
permanent. And the little tendency that remained in me for taking to European 
ways vanished, thanks to the Americans. I was sorely troubled by an overgrown 
beard, but no sooner did I peep into a hair-cutting saloon than somebody called 
out, "This is no place for such shabby-looking people as you." I thought that 
perhaps seeing me so quaintly dressed in turban and Gerua cloak, the man was 
prejudiced against me. So I should go and buy an English coat and hat. I was 
about to do this when fortunately I met an American gentleman who explained 
to me that it was much better that I was dressed in my Gerua cloak, for now the 
gentlemen would not take me amiss, but if I dressed in European fashion, 
everybody would chase me away. I met the same kind of treatment in one or 
two other saloons. After which I began the practice of shaving with my own 
hands. Once I was burning with hunger, and went into a restaurant, and asked 
for a particular thing, whereupon the man said, "We do not stock it." "Why, it is 
there." "Well, my good man, in plain language it means there is no place here 
for you to sit and take your meal." "And why?" "Because nobody will eat at the 
same table with you, for he will be outcasted." Then America began to look 
agreeable to me, somewhat like my own caste -ridden country. Out with these 
differences of white and black, and this nicety about the proportion of Aryan 
blood among the "natives"! How awkward it looks for slaves to be over- 
fastidious about pedigree! There was a Dom (a man of the sweeper-caste) who 
used to say, "You won't find anywhere on earth a caste superior to ours. You 
must know we are Dom-m-m-s!" But do you see the fun of it? The excesses 
about caste distinctions obtain most among peoples who are least honoured 
among mankind. 

Steamships are generally much bigger than sailing ships. The steamships that 



ply across the Atlantic are just half as much bigger than the "Golconda". (The B. 
I. S. N. steamer in which Swami Vivekananda went to the West for the second time. ) The ship 
on which I crossed the Pacific from Japan was also very big. In the centre of the 
biggest ships are the first class compartments with some open space on either 
side; then comes the second class, flanked by the "steerage" on either side. At 
one end are the sailors' and servants' quarters. The steerage corresponds to the 
third class, in which very poor people go as passengers, as, for instance, those 
who are emigrating to America, Australia, etc. The accommodation for them is 
very small and the food is served not on tables but from hand to hand. There is 
no steerage in ships which ply between England and India, but they take deck- 
passengers. The open space between the first and second classes is used by 
them for sitting or sleeping purposes. But I did not notice a single deck- 
passenger bound for a long journey. Only in 1893, on my way to China, I found 
a number of Chinamen going as deck-passengers from Bombay to Hongkong. 

During stormy weather, the deck-passengers suffer great inconvenience, and 
also to a certain extent at ports when the cargo is unloaded. Excepting in the 
hurricane-deck which is on top of all, there is a square opening in all other 
decks, through which cargo is loaded and unloaded, at which times the deck- 
passengers are put to some trouble. Otherwise, it is very pleasant on the deck at 
night from Calcutta to Suez, and in summer, through Europe also. When the 
first and second class passengers are about to melt in their furnished 
compartments on account of the excessive heat, then the deck is almost a 
heaven in comparison. The second class in ships of this type is very 
uncomfortable. Only, in the ships of the newly started German Lloyd Company 
plying between Bergen, in Germany and Australia, the second class 
arrangements are excellent; there are cabins even in the hurricane-deck, and 
food arrangements are almost on a par with those of the first class in the 
"Golconda". That line touches Colombo on the way. 

In the "Golconda" there are only two cabins on the hurricane-deck, one on each 
side; one is for the doctor, and the other was allotted to us. But owing to the 
excessive heat, we had to take shelter in the lower deck, for our cabin was just 
above the engine-room of the ship. Although the ship is made of iron, yet the 
passengers' cabins are made of wood. And there are many holes along the top 
and bottom of the wooden walls of these, for the free passage of air. The walls 



are painted over with ivory-paint which has cost nearly £25 per room. There is a 
small carpet spread on the floor and against one of the walls are fixed two 
frameworks somewhat resembling iron bedsteads without legs, one on top of 
the other. Similarly on the opposite wall. Just opposite the entrance there is a 
wash-basin, over which there is a looking-glass, two bottles, and two tumblers 
for drinking water. Against the sides of each bed is attached a netting in brass 
frames which can be fixed up to the wall and again lowered down. In it the 
passengers put their watch and other important personal necessaries before 
retiring. Below the lower bedstead, there is room for storing the trunks and 
bags. The second class arrangements are on a similar plan, only the space is 
narrower and the furniture of an inferior quality. The shipping business is 
almost a monopoly of the English. Therefore in the ships constructed by other 
nations also, the food arrangements, as well as the regulation of the time, have 
to be made in the English fashion, to suit the large number of English 
passengers in them. There are great differences between England, France, 
Germany, and Russia, as regards food and time. Just as in our country, there are 
great differences between Bengal, Northern India, the Mahratta country, and 
Gujarat. But these differences are very little observed in the ships, because 
there, owing to a majority of English-speaking passengers, everything is being 
moulded after the English fashion. 

The Captain is the highest authority in a ship. Formerly the Captain used to rule 
in the ship in the high seas, punishing offenders, hanging pirates, and so forth. 
Now he does not go so far, but his word is law on board a ship. Under him are 
four officers (or malims , in Indian vernacular). Then come four or five 
engineers, the chief engineer ranking equally with an officer and getting first 
class food. And there are four or five steersmen ( sukanis , in Indian vernacular) 
who hold the helm by turns — they are also Europeans. The rest, comprising 
the servants, the sailors, and the coalmen are all Indian, and all of them 
Mohammedans; Hindu sailors I saw only on the Bombay side, in P. & O. ships. 
The servants and the sailors are from Calcutta, while the coalmen belong to East 
Bengal; the cooks also are Catholic Christians of East Bengal. There are four 
sweepers besides, whose duty it is to clear out dirty water from the 
compartments, make arrangements for bath and keep the latrines etc. clean and 
tidy. The Mohammedan servants and lascars do not take food cooked by 
Christians; besides, every day there are preparations of ham or bacon on board 



the ship. But they manage to set up some sort of privacy for themselves. They 
have no objection to taking bread prepared in the ship's kitchen, and those 
servants from Calcutta who have received the "new light" of civilisation, do not 
observe any restrictions in matters of food. There are three messes for the men, 
one for the servants, one for the sailors, and one for the coalmen. The company 
provides each mess with a cook and a servant; every mess has got a separate 
place for cooking. A few Hindu passengers, were going from Calcutta to 
Colombo, and they used to do their cooking in one of these kitchens after the 
servants had finished theirs. The servants draw their own drinking water. On 
every deck two pumps are fixed against the wall, one on each side; the one is 
for sweet and the other for salt water, and the Mohammedans draw sweet water 
from this for their own use. Those Hindus who have no objection to taking pipe- 
water can very easily go on these ships to England and elsewhere, observing all 
their orthodoxy in matters of food and drink. They can get a kitchen, and 
drinking water free from the touch of any, and even the bathing water need not 
be touched by anybody else; all kinds of food such as rice, pulse, vegetables, 
fish, meat, milk, and ghee are available on the ship, especially on these ships 
where mostly Indians are employed, to whom rice, pulse, radish, cabbage, and 
potato, etc. have to be supplied every day. The one thing necessary is money. 
With money you can proceed anywhere alone, observing full orthodoxy. 

These Bengali servants are employed nowadays in almost all ships that ply 
between Calcutta and Europe. They are gradually forming into a class by 
themselves. Several nautical terms also are being coined by them; for instance, 
the captain is termed bariwallah (landlord); the officer malim ; the mast 'dol'; a 
sail sarh ; bring down aria ; raise habish (heave), etc. 

The body of lascars and coalmen have each a head who is called serang , under 
whom are two or three tindals, and under these come the lascars and coalmen. 

The head of the khans amas, or "boys", is the butler, over whom there is a 
European steward. The lascars wash and cleanse the ship, throw or wind up the 
cables, set down or lift the boats and hoist or strike sail (though this last is a rare 
occurrence in steamships) and do similar kind of work. The Serang and the 
Tindal are always moving about watching them and assisting in their work. The 
coalmen keep the fire steady in the engine-room; their duty is to fight day and 



night with fire and to keep the engines neat and clean. And it is no easy task to 
keep that stupendous engine and all its parts neat and tidy. The Serang and his 
assistant (or "Brother", in the lascar's parlance) are from Calcutta and speak 
Bengali; they look gentlemanly and can read and write, having studied in 
school; they speak tolerable English also. The Serang has a son, thirteen years 
of age, who is a servant of the Captain and waits at his door as an orderly. 
Seeing these Bengali lascars, coalmen, servants, and boys at work, the feeling 
of despair with regard to my countrymen which I had, was much abated. How 
they are slowly developing their manhood, with a strong physique — how 
fearless, yet docile! That cringing, sycophant attitude common to "natives" even 
the sweepers do not possess — what a transformation! 

The Indian lascars do excellent work without murmur, and go on a quarter of a 
European sailor's pay. This has dissatisfied many in England, especially as 
many Europeans are losing their living thereby. They sometimes set up an 
agitation. Having nothing else to say against them — for the lascars are smarter 
in work than Europeans — they only complain that in rough weather, when the 
ship is in danger, they lose all courage. Good God! In actual circumstances, that 
infamy is found to be baseless. In times of danger, the European sailors freely 
drink through fear and make themselves stupid and out of use. Indian sailors 
never take a drop of liquor in their life, and up to now, not one of them has ever 
shown cowardice in times of great danger. Does the Indian soldier display any 
cowardice on the field of battle? No, but they must have leaders. An English 
friend of mine, named General Strong, was in India during the Sepoy Mutiny. 
He used to tell many stories about it. One day, in the course of conversation, I 
asked him how it was that the sepoys who had enough of guns, ammunition, 
and provisions at their disposal, and were also trained veterans, came to suffer 
such a defeat. He replied that the leaders among them, instead of advancing 
forward, only kept shouting from a safe position in the rear, "Fight on, brave 
lads", and so forth; but unless the commanding officer goes ahead and faces 
death, the rank and file will never fight with heart. It is the same in every 
branch. "A captain must sacrifice his head," they say. If you can lay down your 
life for a cause, then only you can be a leader. But we all want to be leaders 
without making the necessary sacrifice. And the result is zero — nobody listens 
to us! 



However much you may parade your descent from Aryan ancestors and sing the 
glories of ancient India day and night, and however much you may be strutting 
in the pride of your birth, you, the upper classes of India, do you think you are 
alive? You are but mummies ten thousand years old! It is among those whom 
your ancestors despised as "walking carrion" that the little of vitality there is 
still in India is to be found; and it is you who are the real "walking corpses". 
Your houses, your furniture, look like museum specimens, so lifeless and 
antiquated they are; and even an eye-witness of your manners and customs, 
your movements and modes of life, is inclined to think that he is listening to a 
grandmother's tale! When, even after making a personal acquaintance with you, 
one returns home, one seems to think one had been to visit the paintings in an 
art gallery! In this world of Maya, you are the real illusions, the mystery, the 
real mirage in the desert, you, the upper classes of India! You represent the past 
tense, with all its varieties of form jumbled into one. That one still seems to see 
you at the present time, is nothing but a nightmare brought on by indigestion. 
You are the void, the unsubstantial nonentities of the future. Denizens of the 
dreamland, why are you loitering any longer? Fleshless and bloodless skeletons 
of the dead body of Past India you are, why do you not quickly reduce 
yourselves into dust and disappear in the air? Ay, on your bony fingers are some 
priceless rings of jewel, treasured up by your ancestors, and within the embrace 
of your stinking corpses are preserved a good many ancient treasure-chests. Up 
to now you have not had the opportunity to hand them over. Now under the 
British rule, in these days of free education and enlightenment, pass them on to 
your heirs, ay, do it as quickly as you can. You merge yourselves in the void 
and disappear, and let New India arise in your place. Let her arise — out of the 
peasants' cottage, grasping the plough; out of the huts of the fisherman, the 
cobbler, and the sweeper. Let her spring from the grocer's shop, from beside the 
oven of the fritter- seller. Let her emanate from the factory, from marts, and 
from markets. Let her emerge from groves and forests, from hills and 
mountains. These common people have suffered oppression for thousands of 
years — suffered it without murmur, and as a result have got wonderful 
fortitude. They have suffered eternal misery, which has given them unflinching 
vitality. Living on a handful of grain, they can convulse the world; give them 
only half a piece of bread, and the whole world will not be big enough to 
contain their energy; they are endowed with the inexhaustible vitality of a 
Raktabija. (A demon, in the Durga-Saptashati , every drop of whose blood falling on the 



ground produced another demon like him.) And, besides, they have got the wonderful 
strength that comes of a pure and moral life, which is not to be found anywhere 
else in the world. Such peacefulness, such contentment, such love, such power 
of silent and incessant work, and such manifestation of lion's strength in times 
of action — where else will you find these! Skeletons of the Past, there, before 
you, are your successors, the India that is to be. Throw those treasure-chests of 
yours and those jewelled rings among them, as soon as you can; and you vanish 
into the air, and be seen no more — only keep your ears open. No sooner will 
you disappear than you will hear the inaugural shout of Renaissant India, 
ringing with the voice of a million thunders and reverberating throughout the 
universe, "Wah Guru Ki Fateh" — victory to the Guru! 

Our ship is now in the Bay of Bengal, which is reported to be very deep. The 
little of it that was shallow has been silted up by the Ganga crumbling the 
Himalayas and washing down the North-Western Provinces (U.P.). That 
alluvial region is our Bengal. There is no indication of Bengal extending further 
beyond the Sunderbans. Some say that the Sunderbans were formerly the site of 
many villages and towns and were an elevated region. But many do not admit 
this now. However, the Sunderbans and the northern part of the Bay of Bengal 
have been the scene of many historic events. These were the rendezvous of the 
Portuguese pirates; the king of Arakan made repeated attempts to occupy this 
region, and here also the representative of the Mogul Emperor tried his best to 
punish the Portuguese pirates headed by Gonzalez; and this has frequently been 
the scene of many fights between the Christians, Moguls, Mugs, and Bengalis. 

The Bay of Bengal is naturally rough, and to add to this, it is the monsoon 
season, so our ship is rolling heavily. But then, this is only the beginning and 
there is no knowing what is to follow, as we are going to Madras. The greater 
part of Southern India belongs now to the Madras Presidency. What is there in 
mere extent of land? Even a desert turns into heaven when it falls to the care of 
a fortunate owner. The unknown petty village of Madras, formerly called 
Chinnapattanam or Madraspattanam, was sold by the Raja of Chandragiri to a 
company of merchants. Then the English had their principal trade in Java, and 
Bantam was the centre of England's Asiatic trade. Madras and other English 
trade settlements in India were under the control of Bantam. Where is that 
Bantam now? And what development that Madras has made! It is not whole 



truth to say that fortune favours the enterprising man; behind there must be the 
strength that comes of the Divine Mother. But I also admit that it is the 
enterprising men unto whom Mother gives strength. 

Madras reminds one of a typical South Indian province; though even at the 
Jagannath Ghat of Calcutta, one can get a glimpse of the South by seeing the 
Orissa Brahmin with his border-shaven head and tufted hair, his variously 
painted forehead, the involuted slippers, in which only the toes may enter; that 
nose irritated with snuff and with that habit of covering the bodies of their 
children with sandalpaste prints. The Gujarati Brahmin, the jet-black 
Maharashtra Brahmin, and the exceptionally fair, cat-eyed square-headed 
Brahmin of Konkan — though all of them dress in the same way, and are all 
known as Deccanis, yet the typical southern Brahmin is to be found in Madras. 
That forehead covered over with the ample caste-mark of the Ramanuja sect — 
which to the uninitiated looks anything but sublime, (and whose imitation — 
the caste-mark of the Ramananda sect of Northern India — is hailed with many 
a facetious rhyme — and which completely throws into the shade the custom 
prevailing in Bengal among leaders of the Vaishnavite sect, of frightfully 
imprinting their whole body); that Telugu, Tamil, and Malay alam speech of 
which you won't understand a single syllable even if you hear it spoken for six 
years and in which there is a play of all possible varieties of T and 'd' sounds; 
that eating of rice with 'black-peppered dal soup' — each morsel of which sends 
a shiver through the heart (so pungent and so acid!); that addition of mar go s a 
leaves, oats, etc., by way of flavour, that taking of "rice-and-curd" etc., that bath 
with gingili oil rubbed over the body, and the frying of fish in the same oil — 
without these how can one conceive the southern country? 

Again, the South has Hinduism alive during the Mohammedan rule and even for 
some time previous to it. It was in the South that Shankaracharya was born, 
among that caste who wear a tuft on the front of the head and eat food prepared 
with cocoanut oil: this was the country that produced Ramanuja: it was also the 
birthplace of Madhva Muni. Modem Hinduism owes its allegiance to these 
alone. The Vaishnavas of the Chaitanya sect form merely a recension of the 
Madhva sect; the religious reformers of the North such as Kabir, Dadu, Nanak, 
and Ramsanehi are all an echo of Shankaracharya; there you find the disciples 
of Ramanuja occupying Ayodhya and other places. These Brahmins of the 



South do not recognise those of the North as true Brahmins, nor accept them as 
disciples, and even to the other day would not admit them to Sannyasa. The 
people of Madras even now occupy the principal seats of religion. It was in the 
South that when people of North India were hiding themselves in woods and 
forests, giving up their treasures, their household deities, and wives and 
children, before the triumphant war-cry of Mohammedan invaders — the 
suzerainty of the King of Vidyanagar was established firm as ever. In the South, 
again, was born the wonderful Sayanacharya — the strength of whose arms, 
vanquishing the Mohammedans, kept King Bukka on his throne, whose wise 
counsels gave stability to the Vidyanagar Kingdom, whose state-policy 
established lasting peace and prosperity in the Deccan, whose superhuman 
genius and extraordinary industry produced the commentaries on the whole 
Vedas — and the product of whose wonderful sacrifice, renunciation, and 
researches was the Vedanta treatise named Panchadashi — that Sannyasin 
Vidyaranya Muni or Sayana (According to some, Sayana, the commentator of the Vedas, 
was the brother of Vidyaranya Muni.) was born in this land. The Madras Presidency is 
the habitat of that Tamil race whose civilisation was the most ancient, and a 
branch of whom, called the Sumerians, spread a vast civilisation on the banks of 
the Euphrates in very ancient times; whose astrology, religious lore, morals, 
rites, etc., furnished the foundation for the Assyrian and Babylonian 
civilisations; and whose mythology was the source of the Christian Bible. 
Another branch of these Tamils spread from the Malabar coast and gave rise to 
the wonderful Egyptian civilisation, and the Aryans also are indebted to this 
race in many respects. Their colossal temples in the South proclaim the triumph 
of the Veera Shaiva and Veera Vaishnava sects. The great Vaishnava religion of 
India has also sprung from a Tamil Pariah — Shathakopa — "who was a dealer 
in winno wing-fans but was a Yogin all the while". And the Tamil Alwars or 
devotees still command the respect of the whole Vaishnava sect. Even now the 
study of the Dvaita, Vishishtadvaita and Advaita systems of Vedanta is 
cultivated more in South India than anywhere else. Even now the thirst for 
religion is stronger here than in any other place. 

In the night of the 24th June, our ship reached Madras. Getting up from bed in 
the morning, I found that we were within the enclosed space of the Madras 
harbour. Within the harbour the water was still, but without, towering waves 
were roaring, which occasionally dashing against the harbour-wall were 



shooting up fifteen or twenty feet high into the air and breaking in a mass of 
foam. In front lay the well-known Strand Road of Madras. Two European 
Police Inspectors, a Jamadar of Madras and a dozen Constables boarded our 
ship and told me with great courtesy that "natives" were not allowed to land on 
the shore, but the Europeans were. A "native", whoever he might be, was of 
such dirty habits that there was every chance of his carrying plague germs 
about; but the Madrasis had asked for a special permit for me, which they might 
obtain. By degrees the friends of Madras began to come near our vessel on 
boats in small groups. As all contact was strictly forbidden, we could only speak 
from the ship, keeping some space between. I found all my friends — Alasinga, 
Biligiri, Narasimachary, Dr. Nanjunda Rao, Kidi, and others on the boats. 
Basketfuls of mangoes, plantains, cocoanuts, cooked rice-and-curd, and heaps 
of sweet and salt delicacies, etc. began to come in. Gradually the crowd 
thickened — men, women, and children in boats everywhere. I found also Mr. 
Chamier, my English friend who had come out to Madras as a barrister- at-law. 
Ramakrishnananda and Nirbhayananda made some trips near to the ship. They 
insisted on staying on the boat the whole day in the hot sun, and I had to 
remonstrate with them, when they gave up the idea. And as the news of my not 
being permitted to land got abroad, the crowd of boats began to increase still 
more. I, too, began to feel exhaustion from leaning against the railings too long. 
Then I bade farewell to my Madrasi friends and entered my cabin. Alasinga got 
no opportunity to consult me about the Brahmavadin and the Madras work; so 
he was going to accompany me to Colombo. The ship left the harbour in the 
evening, when I heard a great shout, and peeping through the cabin- window, I 
found that about a thousand men, women, and children of Madras who had been 
sitting on the harbour- walls, gave this farewell shout when the ship started. On a 
joyous occasion the people of Madras also, like the Bengalis, make the peculiar 
sound with the tongue known as the Hulu. 

It took us four days to go from Madras to Ceylon. That rising and heaving of 
waves which had commenced from the mouth of the Ganga began to increase as 
we advanced, and after we had left Madras it increased still more. The ship 
began to roll heavily, and the passengers felt terribly sea-sick, and so did the 
two Bengali boys. One of them was certain he was going to die, and we had to 
console him with great difficulty, assuring him that there was nothing to be 
afraid of, as it was quite a common experience and nobody ever died of it. The 



second class, again, was right over the screw of the ship. The two Bengali lads, 
being natives, were put into a cabin almost like a black-hole, where neither air 
nor light had any access. So the boys could not remain in the room, and on the 
deck the rolling was terrible. Again, when the prow of the ship settled into the 
hollow of a wave and the stem was pitched up, the screw rose clear out of the 
water and continued to wheel in the air, giving a tremendous jolting to the 
whole vessel. And the second class then shook as when a rat is seized by a cat 
and shaken. 

However, this was the monsoon season. The more the ship would proceed 
westwards, the more gale and wind she would have to encounter. The people of 
Madras had given plenty of fruits, the greater part of which, and the sweets, and 
rice-and-curd, etc., I gave to the boys. Alasinga had hurriedly bought a ticket 
and boarded the ship barefooted. He says he wears shoes now and then. Ways 
and manners differ in different countries. In Europe it is a great shame on the 
part of ladies to show their feet, but they feel no delicacy in exposing half their 
bust. In our country, the head must be covered by all means, no matter if the rest 
of the body is well covered or not. Alasinga, the editor of the Brahmavadin, 
who is a Mysore Brahmin of the Ramanuja sect, having a fondness for Rasam 
(Pungent and sour dal soup.) with shaven head and forehead overspread with the 
caste-mark of the Tengale sect, has brought with him with great care, as his 
provision for the voyage, two small bundles, in one of which there is fried 
flattened rice, and in another popped rice and fried peas! His idea is to live upon 
these during the voyage to Ceylon, so that his caste may remain intact. Alasinga 
had been to Ceylon once before, at which his caste-people tried to put him into 
some trouble, without success. That is a saving feature in the caste-system of 
India — if one's caste-people do not object, no one else has any right to say 
anything against him. And as for the South India castes — some consist of five 
hundred souls in all, some even hundred, or at most a thousand, and so 
circumscribed is their limit that for want of any other likely bride, one marries 
one's sister's daughter! When railways were first introduced in Mysore, the 
Brahmins who went from a distance to see the trains were outcasted! However, 
one rarely finds men like our Alasinga in this world — one so unselfish, so hard- 
working and devoted to his Guru, and such an obedient disciple is indeed very 
rare on earth. A South Indian by birth, with his head shaven so as to leave a tuft 
in the centre, bare-footed, and wearing the Dhoti, he got into the first class; he 



was strolling now and then on the deck and when hungry, was chewing some of 
the popped rice and peas! The ship's servants generally take all South Indians to 
be Chettis (merchants) and say that they have lots of money, but will not spend 
a bit of it on either dress or food! But the servants are of opinion that in our 
company Alasinga's purity as a Brahmin is getting contaminated. And it is true 
— for the South Indians lose much of their caste-rigours through contact with 
us. 



Alasinga did not feel sea- sick. Brother T felt a little trouble at the beginning 

but is now all right. So the four days passed in various pleasant talks and gossip. 
In front of us is Colombo. Here we have Sinhal — Lanka. Shri Ramachandra 
crossed over to Lanka by building a bridge across and conquered Ravana, her 
King. Well, I have seen the bridge, and also, in the palace of the Setupati 
Maharaja of Ramnad, the stone slab on which Bhagavan Ramachandra installed 
his ancestor as Setupati for the first time. But the Buddhist Ceylonese of these 
sophisticated times will not admit this. They say that in their country there is 
not even a tradition to indicate it. But what matters their denial? Are not our 
"old books" authorities enough? Then again, they call their country Sinhal and 
will not term it Lanka (Means also "Chillies" in Bengal.) — and how should they? 
There is no piquancy either in their words, or in their work, or in their nature, or 
in their appearance! Wearing gowns, with plaited hair, and in that a big comb 
— quite a feminine appearance! Again, they have slim, short, and tender 
womanlike bodies. These — the descendants of Ravana and Kumbhakama! Not 
a bit of it! Tradition says they have migrated from Bengal — and it was well 
done. That new type of people who are springing in Bengal — dressed like 
women, speaking in soft and delicate accents, walking with a timid, faltering 
gait, unable to look any one in the face and from their very birth given to 
writing love poems and suffering the pangs of separation from their beloved — 
well, why do they not go to Ceylon, where they will find their fellows! Are the 
Government asleep? The other day they created a great row trying to capture 
some people in Puri. Why, in the metropolis itself are many worth seizing and 
packing off! 

There was a very naughty Bengali Prince, named Yijaya Sinha, who quarrelled 
with his father, and getting together a few more fellows like him set sail in a 
ship, and finally came upon the Island of Ceylon. That country was then 



inhabited by an aboriginal tribe whose descendants are now known as the 
Bedouins. The aboriginal king received him very cordially and gave him his 
daughter in marriage. There he remained quietly for some time, when one night, 
conspiring with his wife, with a number of fellows, he took the king and his 
nobles by surprise and massacred them. Then Vijaya Sinha ascended the throne 
of Ceylon. But his wickedness did not end here. After a time he got tired of his 
aboriginal queen, and got more men and more girls from India and himself 
married a girl named Anuradha, discarding his first aboriginal wife. Then he 
began to extirpate the whole race of the aborigines, almost all of whom were 
killed, leaving only a small remnant who are still to be met with in the forests 
and jungles. In this way Lanka came to be called Sinhal and became, to start 
with, colony of Bengali ruffians! 

In course of time, under the regime of Emperor Asoka, his son Mahinda and his 
daughter Sanghamitta, who had taken the vow of Sannyasa, came to the Island 
of Ceylon as religious missionaries. Reaching there, they found the people had 
grown quite barbarous, and, devoting their whole lives, they brought them back 
to civilisation as far as possible; they framed good moral laws for them and 
converted them to Buddhism. Soon the Ceylonese grew very staunch Buddhists, 
and built a great city in the centre of the island and called it Anuradhapuram. 
The sight of the remains of this city strikes one dumb even today — huge 
stupas , and dilapidated stone building extending for miles and miles are 
standing to this day; and a great part of it is overgrown with jungles which have 
not yet been cleared. Shaven-headed monks and nuns, with the begging bowl in 
hand and clothed in yellow robes, spread all over Ceylon. In places colossal 
temples were reared containing huge figure of Buddha in meditation, of Buddha 
preaching the Law, and of Buddha in a reclining posture — entering into 
Nirvana. And the Ceylonese, out of mischief, painted on the walls of the 
temples the supposed state of things in Purgatory — some are being thrashed by 
ghosts, some are being sawed, some burnt, some fried in hot oil, and some 
being flayed — altogether a hideous spectacle! Who could know that in this 
religion, which preached "noninjury as the highest virtue", there would be room 
for such things! Such is the case in China, too, so also in Japan. While 
preaching non-killing so much in theory, they provide for such an array of 
punishments as curdles up one's blood to see. Once a thief broke into the house 
of a man of this non-killing type. The boys of the house caught hold of the thief 



and were giving him a sound beating. The master hearing a great row came out 
on the upper balcony and after making inquiries shouted out, "Cease from 
beating, my boys. Don't beat him. Non-injury is the highest virtue." The 
fraternity of junior non-killers stopped beating and asked the master what they 
were to do with the thief. The master ordered, "Put him in a bag, and throw him 
into water." The thief, much obliged at this humane dispensation, with folded 
hands said, "Oh! How great is the master's compassion!" I had heard that the 
Buddhists were very quiet people and equally tolerant of all religions. Buddhist 
preachers come to Calcutta and abuse us with choice epithets, although we offer 
them enough respect. Once I was preaching at Anuradhapuram among the 
Hindus — not Buddhists — and that in an open maidan, not on anybody's 
property — when a whole host of Buddhist monks and laymen, men and 
women, came out beating drums and cymbals and set up an awful uproar. The 
lecture had to stop, of course, and there was the imminent risk of bloodshed. 
With great difficulty I had to persuade the Hindus that we at any rate might 
practise a bit of non-injury, if they did not. Then the matter ended peacefully. 

Gradually Tamilian Hindus from the north began slowly to migrate into Ceylon. 
The Buddhists, finding themselves in untoward circumstances, left their capital 
to establish a hill-station called Kandy, which, too, the Tamilians wrested from 
them in a short time and placed a Hindu king on the throne. Then came hordes 
of Europeans — the Spaniards, the Portuguese, and the Dutch. Lastly the 
English have made themselves kings. The royal family of Kandy have been sent 
to Tanjore, where they are living on pension and Mulagutanni Rasam. 

In northern Ceylon there is a great majority of Hindus, while in the southern 
part, Buddhists and hybrid Eurasians of different types preponderate. The 
principal seat of the Buddhists is Colombo, the present capital, and that of the 
Hindus is Jaffna. The restrictions of caste are here much less than in India; the 
Buddhists have a few in marriage affairs, but none in matters of food, in which 
respect the Hindus observe some restrictions. All the butchers of Ceylon were 
formerly Buddhists; now the number is decreasing owing to the revival of 
Buddhism. Most of the Buddhists are now changing their anglicised titles for 
native ones. All the Hindu castes have mixed together and formed a single 
Hindu caste, in which, like the Punjabi Jats, one can marry a girl of any caste — 
even a European girl at that. The son goes into a temple, puts the sacred trilinear 



mark on the forehead, utters "Shiva, Shiva", and becomes a Hindu. The husband 
may be a Hindu, while the wife is a Christian. The Christian rubs some sacred 
ash on the forehead, utters "Namah Parvatipataye" (salutation to Shiva), and she 
straightway becomes a Hindu. This is what has made the Christian missionaries 
so cross with you. Since your coming into Ceylon, many Christians, putting 
sacred ash on their head and repeating "Salutation to Shiva", have become 
Hindus and gone back to their caste. Advaitavada and Vira-Shaivavada are the 
prevailing religions here. In place of the word "Hindu" one has to say "Shiva". 
The religious dance and Sankirtana which Shri Chaitanya introduced into 
Bengal had their origin in the South, among the Tamil race. The Tamil of 
Ceylon is pure Tamil and the religion of Ceylon is equally pure Tamil religion. 
That ecstatic chant of a hundred thousand men, and their singing of devotional 
hymns to Shiva, the noise of a thousand Mridangas (A kind of Indian drum.) with 
the metallic sound of big cymbals, and the frenzied dance of these ash-covered, 
red-eyed athletic Tamilians with stout rosaries of Rudraksha beads on their 
neck, looking just like the great devotee, Hanuman — you can form no idea of 
these, unless you personally see the phenomenon. 

Our Colombo friends had procured a permit for our landing, so we landed and 
met our friends there. Sir Coomara Swami is the foremost man among the 
Hindus: his wife is an English lady, and his son is barefooted and wears the 
sacred ashes on his forehead. Mr. Arunachalam and other friends came to meet 
me. After a long time I partook of Mulagutanni and the king-cocoanut. They put 
some green cocoanuts into my cabin. I met Mrs. Higgins and visited her 
boarding school for Buddhist girls. I also visited the monastery and school of 
our old acquaintance, the Countess of Canovara. The Countess' house is more 
spacious and furnished than Mrs. Higgins's. The Countess has invested her own 
money, whereas Mrs. Higgins has collected the money by begging. The 
Countess herself wears a Gerua cloth after the mode of the Bengali Sari. The 
Ceylonese Buddhists have taken a great fancy to this fashion, I found. I noticed 
carriage after carriage of women, all wearing the same Bengali Sari. 

The principal place of pilgrimage for the Buddhists is the Dalada Maligawa or 
Tooth-temple at Kandy, which contains a tooth of Lord Buddha. The Ceylonese 
say it was at first in the Jagannath Temple at Puri and after many vicissitudes 
reached Ceylon, where also there was no little trouble over it. Now it is lying 



safe. The Ceylonese have kept good historical records of themselves, not like 
those of ours — merely cock and bull stories. And the Buddhist scriptures also 
are well preserved here in the ancient Magadhi dialect. From here the Buddhist 
religion spread to Burma, Siam, and other countries. The Ceylonese Buddhists 
recognise only Shakyamuni mentioned in their scriptures and try to follow his 
precepts. They do not, like the people of Nepal, Sikkim, Bhutan, Ladak, China, 
and Japan, worship Shiva and do not know the worship with mystical Mantras 
of such goddesses as Tara Devi and so forth. But they believe in possession by 
spirits and things of that sort. The Buddhists have now split into two schools, 
the Northern and the Southern; the Northern school calls itself the Mahayana, 
and the Southern school, comprising the Ceylonese, Burmese, Siamese, etc., 
Hinayana. The Mahayana branch worships Buddha in name only; their real 
worship is of Tara Devi and of Avalokiteshwara (whom the Japanese, Chinese 
and Koreans call Wanyin); and there is much use of various cryptic rites and 
Mantras. The Tibetans are the real demons of Shiva. They all worship Hindu 
gods, play the Damaru, (A tabor shaped like an hour-glass.) keep human skulls, blow 
horns made of the bones of dead monks, are much given to wine and meat, and 
are always exorcising evil spirits and curing diseases by means of mystical 
incantations. In China and Japan, on the walls of all the temples I have observed 
various monosyllabic Mantras written in big gilt letters, which approach the 
Bengali characters so much that you can easily make out the resemblance. 

Alasinga returned to Madras from Colombo, and we also got on board our ship, 
with presents of some lemons from the orchard of Coomara Swami, some king- 
cocoanuts, and two bottles of syrup, etc. (The god Kartikeya has various names, 
such as Subrahmanya, Kamara Swami etc. In the South the worship of this god 
is much in vogue; they call Kartikeya an incarnation of the sacred formula 
"Om".) 

The ship left Colombo on the morning of 25th June. Now we have to encounter 
full monsoon conditions. The more our ship is advancing, the more is the storm 
increasing and the louder is the wind howling — there is incessant rain, and 
enveloping darkness; huge waves are dashing on the ship's deck with a terrible 
noise, so that it is impossible to stay on the deck. The dining table has been 
divided into small squares by means of wood partitions, placed lengthwise and 
breadthwise, called fiddle, out of which the food articles are jumping up. The 



ship is creaking, as if it were going to break to pieces. The Captain says, "Well, 
this year's monsoon seems to be unusually rough". The Captain is a very 
interesting person who spent many years in the Chinese Sea and Indian Ocean; 
a very entertaining fellow, very clever in telling cock and bull stories. 

Numerous stories of pirates — how Chinese coolies used to kill ship's officers, 
loot the whole ship and escape — and other stories of that ilk he is narrating. 
And there is nothing else to do, for reading or writing is out of the question in 
such heavy rolling. It is extremely difficult to sit inside the cabin; the window 

has been shut for fear of the waves getting in. One day Brother T kept it 

slightly ajar and a fragment of a wave entered and flooded the whole cabin! 

And who can describe the heaving and tossing on the deck! Amid such 
conditions, you must remember, the work for your Udbodhan is going on to a 
certain extent. 

There are two Christian missionary passengers on our ship, one of whom is an 
American, with a family — a very good man, named Bogesh. He has been 
married seven years, and his children number half-a-dozen. The servants call it 
God's special grace — though the children perhaps, feel differently. Spreading a 
shabby bed on the deck, Mrs. Bogesh makes all the children lie on it and goes 
away. They make themselves dirty and roll on the deck, crying aloud. The 
passengers on the deck are always nervous and cannot walk about on the deck, 
lest they might tread on any of Bogesh's children. Making the youngest baby lie 
in a square basket with high sides, Mr. and Mrs. Bogesh sit in a comer for four 
hours, huddled together. One finds it hard to appreciate your European 
civilisation. If we rinse our mouth or wash our teeth in public — they say it is 
barbarous, these things ought to be done in private. All right, but I put it to you, 
if it is not also decent to avoid such acts as the one above referred to, in public. 
And you run after this civilisation! However you cannot understand what good 
Protestantism has done to North Europe, unless you see the Protestant clergy. If 
then ten crores of English people die, and only the priests survive, in twenty 
years another ten crores will be raised! 

Owing to the rolling of the ship most of the passengers are suffering from 
headache. A little girl named Tootle is accompanying her father; she has lost 
her mother. Our Nivedita has become a mother to Tootle and Bogesh's children. 
Tootle has been brought up in Mysore with her father who is a planter. I asked 



her, "Tootle, how are you?" She replied, "This Bungalow is not good and rolls 
very much, which makes me sick." To her every house is a bungalow. One 
sickly child of Bogesh suffers specially from want of care; the poor thing is 
rolling on the wooden deck the whole day. The old Captain now and then comes 
out of his cabin and feeds him with some soup with a spoon, and pointing to his 
slender legs says, "What a sickly child — how sadly neglected!" 

Many desire eternal happiness. But if happiness were eternal, misery also would 
be eternal, just think of that. Could we in that case have ever reached Aden! 
Fortunately neither happiness nor misery is eternal; therefore in spite of our six 
days' journey being prolonged into fourteen days, and our buffeting terrible 
wind and rain night and day, we at last did reach Aden. The more we were 
ahead of Colombo, the more the storm and rain increased, the sky became a 
lake, and the wind and the waves grew fierce; and it was almost impossible for 
the ship to proceed, breasting such wind and wave, and her speed was halved. 
Near the island of Socotra, the monsoon was at its worst. The Captain remarked 
that this was the centre of the monsoon, and that if we could pass this, we 
should gradually reach calmer waters. And so we did. And this nightmare also 
ended. 

On the evening of the 8th, we reached Aden. No one, white or black, is allowed 
to land, neither is any cargo allowed into the ship. And there are not many 
things worth seeing here. You have only barren stretches of sand, bearing some 
resemblance to Rajputana, and treeless, verdureless hills. In between the hills 
there are forts and on the top are the soldiers' barracks. In front are the hotels 
and shops arranged in the form of a crescent, which are discernible from the 
ship. Many ships are lying in anchor. One English, and one German man-of-war 
came in; the rest are either cargo or passenger ships. I had visited the town last 
time. Behind the hills are the native barracks and the bazar. A few miles from 
there, there are big pits dug into the sides of the hills, where the rain-water 
accumulates. Formerly that was the only source of water. Now by means of an 
apparatus they distil the sea water and get good fresh water, which, however, is 
very dear. Aden is just like an Indian town — with its large percentage of 
Indian civil and military population. There are a good many Par see shopkeepers 
and Sindhi merchants. Aden is a very ancient place — the Roman Emperor 
Constantius sent a batch of missionaries here to preach Christianity. Then the 



Arabs rose and killed these Christians, whereupon the Roman Emperor asked 
the King of Abyssinia — long a Christian country — to punish them. The 
Abyssinian King sent an army and severely punished the Arabs of Aden. 
Afterwards Aden passed into the hands of the Samanidi Kings of Persia. It is 
they who are reputed to have first excavated those caves for the accumulation of 
water. Then, after the rise of Mohammedanism, Aden passed into the hands of 
the Arabs. After a certain time, a Portuguese general made ineffectual attempts 
to capture the place. Then the Sultan of Turkey made the place a naval base 
with the object of expelling the Portuguese from the Indian Ocean. 

Again it passed into the possession of the neighbouring Arabian ruler. 
Afterwards, the English purchased it and they built the present town. Now the 
warships of all the powerful nations are cruising all over the world, and 
everyone wants to have a voice in every trouble that arises in any part of it. 
Every nation wants to safeguard its supremacy, political interest, and 
commerce. Hence they are in need of coal every now and then. As it would not 
be possible to get a supply of coal from an enemy country in times of war, every 
Power wants to have a coaling station of its own. The best sites have been 
already occupied by the English; the French have come in for the next best; and 
after them the other Powers of Europe have secured, and are securing, sites for 
themselves either by force or by purchase, or by friendly overture. The Suez 
Canal is now the link between Europe and Asia, and it is under the control of 
the French. Consequently the English have made their position very strong at 
Aden, and the other Powers also have each made a base for themselves along 
the Red Sea. Sometimes this rage for land brings disastrous consequences. Italy, 
trodden under foreign feet for seven centuries, stood on her legs after enormous 
difficulties. But immediately after doing this, she began to think a lot of herself 
and became ambitious of foreign conquest. In Europe no nation can seize a bit 
of land belonging to another; for all the Powers would unite to crush the 
usurper. In Asia also, the big Powers — the English, Russians, French, and 
Dutch — have left little space unoccupied. Now there remained only a few bits 
of Africa, and thither Italy directed her attention. First she tried in North Africa, 
where she met with opposition from the French and desisted. Then the English 
gave her a piece of land on the Red Sea, with the ulterior object that from that 
centre Italy might absorb the Abyssinian territory. Italy, too, came on with an 
army. But the Abyssinian King, Manalik, gave her such a beating that Italy 



found it difficult to save herself by fleeing from Africa. Besides, Russian and 
Abyssinian Christianity being, as is alleged, very much alike, the Russian Czar 
is an ally of the Abyssinians at bottom. 

Well, our ship is now passing through the Red Sea. The missionary said, "This 
is the Red Sea, which the Jewish leader Moses crossed on foot with his 
followers. And the army which the Egyptian King Pharaoh sent for their capture 
was drowned in the sea, the wheels of their war-chariots having stuck in the 
mud" — like Kama's in the Mahabharata story. He further said that this could 
now be proved by modern scientific reasons. Nowadays in every country it has 
become a fashion to support the miracles of religion by scientific argument. My 
friend, if these phenomena were the outcome of natural forces, where then is 
there room for their intervention of your god "Yave"? A great dilemma! — If 
they are opposed to science, those miracles are mere myths, and your religion is 
false. And even if they are borne out by science, the glory of your god is 
superfluous, and they are just like any other natural phenomena. To this, Priest 
Bogesh replied, "I do not know all the issues involved in it, I simply believe." 
This is all right — one can tolerate that. But then there is a party of men, who 
are very clear in criticising others' views and bringing forward arguments 
against them, but where they themselves are concerned, they simply say, "I only 
believe, my mind testifies to their veracity." These are simply unbearable. Pooh! 
What weight has their intellect? Absolutely nothing! They are very quick to 
label the religious beliefs of others as superstitious, especially those which have 
been condemned by the Europeans, while in their own case they concoct some 
fantastic notions of Godhead and are beside themselves with emotions over 
them. 

The ship is steadily sailing north. The borders of this Red Sea were a great 
centre of ancient civilisation. There, on the other side, are the deserts of Arabia, 
and on this — Egypt. This is that ancient Egypt. Thousands of years ago, these 
Egyptians starting from Punt (probably Malabar) crossed the Red Sea, and 
steadily extended their kingdom till they reached Egypt. Wonderful was the 
expansion of their power, their territory, and their civilisation. The Greeks were 
the disciples of these. The wonderful mausoleums of their kings, the Pyramids, 
with figures of the Sphinx, and even their dead bodies are preserved to this day. 
Here lived the ancient Egyptian peoples, with curling hair and ear-rings, and 



wearing snow-white dhotis without one end being tucked up behind. This is 
Egypt — the memorable stage where the Hyksos, the Pharaohs, the Persian 
Emperors, Alexander the Great, and the Ptolemies, and the Roman and Arab 
conquerors played their part. So many centuries ago, they left their history 
inscribed in great detail in hieroglyphic characters on papyrus paper, on stone 
slabs, and on the sides of earthen vessels. 

This is the land where Isis was worshipped and Horns flourished. According to 
these ancient Egyptians, when a man dies, his subtle body moves about; but any 
injury done to the dead body affects the subtle body, and the destruction of the 
former means the total annihilation of the latter. Hence they took so much pains 
to preserve the corpse. Hence the pyramids of the kings and emperors. What 
devices, how much labour — alas, all in vain! Lured by the treasures, robbers 
have dug into the pyramids, and penetrating the mysteries of the labyrinths, 
have stolen the royal bodies. Not now — it was the work of the ancient 
Egyptians themselves. Some five or six centuries ago, these desiccated 
mummies the Jewish and Arab physicians looked upon as possessing great 
medicinal virtues and prescribed them for patients all over Europe. To this day, 
perhaps, it is the genuine "Mumia" of Unani and Hakimi methods of treatment! 

Emperor Asoka sent preachers to this Egypt during the reign of the Ptolemy 
dynasty. They used to preach religion, cure diseases, live on vegetable food, 
lead celibate lives, and make Sannyasin disciples. They came to found many 
sects — the Therapeutae, Essenes, Manichaeans, and the like; from which 
modern Christianity has sprung. It was Egypt that became, during the Ptolemaic 
rule, the nursery of all learning. Here was that city of Alexandria, famous all 
over the world for its university, its library, and its literati — that Alexandria 
which, falling into the hands of illiterate, bigoted, and vulgar Christians suffered 
destruction, with its library burnt to ashes and learning stamped out! Finally, the 
Christians killed the lady servant, Hypatia, subjected her dead body to all sorts 
of abominable insult, and dragged it through the streets, till every bit of flesh 
was removed from the bones ! 

And to the south lie the deserts of Arabia — the mother of heroes. Have you 
ever seen a Bedouin Arab, with a cloak on, and a big kerchief tied on his head 
with a bunch of woollen strings? — That gait, that pose of standing, and that 



look, you will find in no other country. From head to foot emanates the freedom 
of open unconfined desert air — there you have the Arab. When the bigotry of 
the Christians and the barbarity of the Goths extinguished the ancient Greek and 
Roman civilisation, when Persia was trying to hide her internal putrefaction by 
adding layer after layer of gold-leaf upon it, when, in India, the sun of splendour 
of Pataliputra and Ujjain had set, leaving some illiterate, tyrant kings to rule 
over her, and the corruptions of dreadful obscenities and the worship of lust 
festering within — when such was the state of the world, this insignificant, semi- 
brutal Arab race spread like lightning over its surface. 

There you see a steamer coming from Mecca, with a cargo of pilgrims; behold 
— the Turk in European dress, the Egyptian in half-European costume, the 
Syrian Mussalman in Iranian attire, and the real Arab wearing a cloth reaching 
down the knee. Before the time of Mohammed, it was the custom to 
circumambulate round the Cabba temple in a state of nudity; since his time they 
have to wrap round a cloth. It is for this reason, that our Mohammedans unloose 
the strings of their trousers, and let their cloth hang down to the feet. Gone are 
those days for the Arabs. A continual influx of Kaffir, Sidi, and Abyssinian 
blood has changed their physique, energy, and all — the Arab of the desert is 
completely shorn of his former glory. Those that live in the north are peaceful 
citizens of the Turkish State. But the Christian subjects of the Sultan hate the 
Turks and love the Arabs. They say that the Arabs are amenable to education, 
become gentlemen, and are not so troublesome, while the real Turks oppress the 
Christians very much. 

Though the desert is very hot, that heat is not enervating. There is no further 
trouble if you cover your body and head against it. Dry heat is not only not 
enervating, on the contrary it has a marked toning effect. The people of 
Rajputana, Arabia, and Africa are illustrations of this. In certain districts of 
Marwar, men, cattle, horses, and all are strong and of great stature. It is a joy to 
look at the Arabs and Sidis. Where the heat is moist, as in Bengal, the body is 
very much enervated, and every animal is weak. 

The very name of the Red Sea strikes terror into the hearts of the passengers — 
it is so dreadfully hot, specially in summer, as it is now. Everyone is seated on 
the deck and recounts a story of some terrible accident, according to his 



knowledge. The Captain has outbidden them all. He says that a few days ago a 
Chinese man-of-war was passing through the Red Sea, and her Captain and 
eight sailors who worked in the coal-room died of heat. 

Indeed, those who work in the coal-room have in the first place to stand in a pit 
of fire, and then there is the terrible heat of the Red Sea. Sometimes they run 
mad, rush up to the deck, plunge into the sea, and are drowned; or sometimes 
they die of heat in the engine-room itself. 

These stories were enough to throw us out of our wits, nearly. But fortunately 
we did not experience so much heat. The breeze, instead of being a south- wind, 
continued to blow from the north, and it was the cool breeze of the 
Mediterranean. 

On the 14th of July the steamer cleared the Red Sea and reached Suez. In front 
is the Suez Canal. The steamer has cargo for Suez. Well, Egypt is now under a 
visitation of plague, and possibly we are also carrying its germs. So there is the 
risk of contagion on both sides. Compared with the precautions taken here 
against mutual contact, well, those of our country are as nothing. The goods 
have to be unloaded, but the coolie of Suez must not touch the ship. It meant a 
good deal of extra trouble for the ship's sailors. They have to serve as coolies, 
lift up the cargo by means of cranes and drop it, without touching, on the Suez 
boats which carry it ashore. The agent of the Company has come near the ship 
in a small launch, but he is not allowed to board her. From the launch he is 
talking with the Captain who is in his ship. You must know this is not India, 
where the white man is beyond the plague regulations and all — here is the 
beginning of Europe. And all this precaution is taken lest the rat-borne plague 
finds an entrance into this heaven. The incubation period of plague-germs is ten 
days; hence the quarantine for ten days. We have however passed that period, so 
the disaster has been averted for us. But we shall be quarantined for ten days 
more if we but touch any Egyptian. In that case no passengers will be landed 
either at Naples or at Marseilles. Therefore every kind of work is being done 
from a distance, free from contact. Consequently it will take them the whole day 
to unload the cargo in this slow process. The ship can easily cross the Canal in 
the night, if she be provided with a searchlight; but if that is to be fitted, the 
Suez people will have to touch the ship — there, you have ten days' quarantine. 



She is therefore not to start in the night, and we must remain as we are in this 
Suez harbour for twenty-four hours ! This is a very beautiful natural harbour, 
surrounded almost on three sides by sandy mounds and hillocks, and the water 
also is very deep. There are innumerable fish and sharks swimming in it. 
Nowhere else on earth are sharks in such plenty as in this port and in the port of 
Sydney, in Australia — they are ready to swallow men at the slightest 
opportunity! Nobody dares to descend into the water. Men, too, on their part are 
dead against the snakes and sharks and never let slip an opportunity to kill them. 

In the morning, even before breakfast, we came to learn that big sharks were 
moving about behind the ship. I had never before an opportunity to see live 
sharks — the last time I came, the ship called at Suez for only a very short time, 
and that too, close to the town. As soon as we heard of the sharks, we hastened 
to the spot. The second class was at the stern of the ship, and from its deck, 
crowds of men, women and children were leaning over the railings to see the 
sharks. But our friends, the sharks, had moved off a little when we appeared on 
the spot, which damped our spirit very much. But we noticed that shoals of a 
kind of fish with bill-like heads were swimming in the water, and there was a 
species of very tiny fish in great abundance. Now and then a big fish, greatly 
resembling the hilsa , was flitting like an arrow hither and thither. I thought, he 
might be a young shark, but on inquiry I found it was not. Bonito was his name. 
Of course I had formerly read of him, and this also I had read that he was 
imported into Bengal from the Maldives as dried fish, on big-sized boats. It was 
also a matter of report that his meat was red and very tasteful. And we were 
now glad to see his energy and speed. Such a large fish was flitting through the 
water like an arrow, and in that glassy sea-water every movement of his body 
was noticeable. We were thus watching the bonito's circuits and the restless 
movements of the tiny fish for twenty minutes of half an hour. Half an hour — 
three quarters — we were almost tired of it, when somebody announced — 
there he was. About a dozen people shouted, "There he is coming!" Casting my 
eyes I found that at some distance a huge black thing was moving towards us, 
six or seven inches below the surface of the water. Gradually the thing 
approached nearer and nearer. The huge flat head was visible; now massive his 
movement, there was nothing of the bonito's flitting in it. But once he turned his 
head, a big circuit was made. A gigantic fish; on he comes in a solemn gait, 
while in front of him are one or two small fish, and a number of tiny ones are 



playing on his back and all about his body. Some of them are holding fast on to 
his neck. He is your shark with retinue and followers. The fish which are 
preceding him are called the pilot fish. Their duty is to show the shark his prey, 
and perhaps be favoured with crumbs of his meal. But as one looks at the 
terrible gaping jaws of the shark, one doubts whether they succeed much in this 
latter respect. The fish which are moving about the shark and climbing on his 
back, are the "suckers". About their chest there is a flat, round portion, nearly 
four by two inches, which is furrowed and grooved, like the rubber soles of 
many English shoes. That portion the fish applies to the shark's body and sticks 
to it; that makes them appear as if riding on the shark's body and back. They are 
supposed to live on the worms etc. that grow on the shark's body. The shark 
must always have his retinue of these two classes of fish. And he never injures 
them, considering them perhaps as his followers and companions. One of these 
fish was caught with a small hook and line. Someone slightly pressed the sole 
of his shoe against its chest and when he raised his foot, it too was found to 
adhere to it. In the same way it sticks to the body of the shark. 

The second class passengers have got their mettle highly roused. One of them is 
a military man and his enthusiasm knows no bounds. Rummaging the ship they 
found out a terrible hook — it outvied the hooks that are used in Bengal for 
recovering water-pots that have accidentally dropped into wells. To this they 
tightly fastened about two pounds of meat with a strong cord, and a stout cable 
was tied to it. About six feet from it, a big piece of wood was attached to act as 
a float. Then the hook with the float was dropped in the water. Below the ship a 
police boat was keeping guard ever since we came, lest there might be any 
contact between us and the people ashore. On this boat there were two men 
comfortably asleep, which made them much despised in the eyes of the 
passengers. At this moment they turned out to be great friends. Roused by the 
tremendous shouts, our friend, the Arab, rubbed his eyes and stood up. He was 
preparing to tuck up his dress, imagining some trouble was at hand, when he 
came to understand that so much shouting was nothing more than a request to 
him to remove the beam that was meant as a float to catch the shark, along with 
the hook, to a short distance. Then he breathed a sigh of relief, and grinning 
from ear to ear he managed to push the float to some distance by means of a 
pole. While we in eagerness stood on tiptoe, leaning over the railing, and 
anxiously waited for the shark — "watching his advent with restless eyes"; 



(From Jayadeva, the famous Sanskrit Poet of Bengal.) and as is always the case with 
those for whom somebody may be waiting with suspense, we suffered a similar 
fate — in other words, "the Beloved did not turn up". But all miseries have an 
end, and suddenly about a hundred yards from the ship, something of the shape 
of a water-carrier's leather bag, but much larger, appeared above the surface of 
the water, and immediately there was the hue and cry, "There is the shark!" 
"Silence, you boys and girls! — the shark may run off". — "Hallo, you people 
there, why don't you doff your white hats for a while? — the shark may shy". 
— While shouts like these were reaching the ear, the shark, denizen of the salt 
sea, rushed close by, like a boat under canvas, with a view to doing justice to 
the lump of pork attached to the hook. Seven or eight feet more and the shark's 
jaws would touch the bait. But that massive tail moved a little, and the straight 
course was transformed into a curve. Alas, the shark has made off! Again the 
tail slightly moved, and the gigantic body turned and faced the hook. Again he 
is rushing on — gaping, there, he is about to snap at the bait! Again the cursed 
tail moved, and the shark wheeled his body off to a distance. Again he is taking 
a circuit and coming on, he is gaping again; look now, he has put the bait into 
his jaws, there, he is tilting on his side; yes, he has swallowed the bait — pull, 
pull, forty or fifty pull together, pull on with all your might! What tremendous 
strength the fish has, what struggles he makes, how widely he gapes! Pull, pull! 
He is about to come above the surface, there he is turning in the water, and 
again turning on his side, pull, pull! Alas, he has extricated himself from the 
bait! The shark has fled. Indeed, what fussy people you all are! You could not 
wait to give him some time to swallow the bait! And you were impatient 
enough to pull so soon as he turned on his side! However, it is no use crying 
over spilt milk. The shark was rid of the hook and made a clean run ahead. 
Whether he taught the pilot fish a good lesson, we have got no information, but 
the fact was that the shark was clean off. And he was tiger-like, having black 
stripes over his body like a tiger. However, the "Tiger", with a view to avoiding 
the dangerous vicinity of the hook, disappeared, with his retinue of pilots and 
suckers. 

But there is no need of giving up hopes altogether, for there, just by the side of 
the retreating "Tiger" is coming on another, a huge flat-headed creature! Alas, 
sharks have no language! Otherwise "Tiger" would surely have made an open 
breast of his secret to the newcomer and thus warned him. He would certainly 



have said, "Hallo, my friend, beware there is a new creature come over there, 
whose flesh is very tasteful and savoury, but what hard bones! Well, I have 
been born and brought up as a shark these many years and have devoured lots of 
animals — living, dead, and half-dead, and filled my stomach with lots of 
bones, bricks, and stones, and wooden stuff; but compared with these bones 
they are as butter, I tell you. Look, what has become of my teeth and jaws". And 
along with this he would certainly have shown to the new-comer those gaping 
jaws reaching almost to half his body. And the other too, with characteristic 
experience of maturer years, would have prescribed for him one or other of such 
infallible marine remedies as the bile of one fish, the spleen of another, the 
cooling broth of oysters, and so forth. But since nothing of the kind took place, 
we must conclude that either the sharks are sadly in want of a language, or that 
they may have one, but it is impossible to talk under water; therefore until some 
characters fit for the sharks are discovered, it is impossible to use that language. 
Or it may be that "Tiger", mixing too much in human company, has imbibed a 
bit of human disposition too, and therefore, instead of giving out the real truth, 
asked "Flat-head", with a smile, if he was doing well, and bade him good-bye: 
"Shall I alone be befooled?" 

Then Bengali poem has it, "First goes Bhagiratha blowing his conch, then 
comes Ganga bringing up the rear" etc. Well, of course, no blowing of the 
conch is heard, but first are going the pilot fish, and behind them comes "Flat- 
head", moving his massive body, while round about him dance the suckers. Ah, 
who can resist such a tempting bait? For a space of five yards on all sides, the 
surface of the sea is glossy with a film of fat, and it is for "Flat-head" himself to 
say how far the fragrance thereof has spread. Besides, what a spectacle it is! 
White, and red, and yellow — all in one place! It was real English pork, tied 
round a huge black hook, heaving under water most temptingly! 

Silence now, every one — don't move about, and see that you don't be too 
hasty. But take care to keep close to the cable. There, he is moving near the 
hook, and examining the bait, putting it in his jaws! Let him do so. Hush — 
now he has turned on his side — look, he is swallowing it whole, silence — 
give him time to do it. Then, as "Flat-head", turning on his side, had leisurely 
swallowed the bait, and was about to depart, immediately there was the pull 
behind! " Flat-head", astonished, jerked his head and wanted to throw the bait 



off, but it made matters worse! The hook pierced him, and from above, men, 
young and old, began to pull violently at the cable. Look, the head of the shark 
is above water — pull, brothers, pull! There, about half the shark's body is 
above water! Oh, what jaws! It is all jaws and throat, it seems! Pull on! Ah, the 
whole of it is clear of water. There, the hook has pierced his jaws through and 
through — pull on! Wait, wait! — Hallo, you Arab Police boatman, will you tie 
a string round his tail? — He is such a huge monster that it is difficult to haul 
him up otherwise. Take care, brother, a blow from that tail is enough to fracture 
a horse's leg! Pull on — Oh, how very heavy! Good God, what have we here! 
Indeed, what is it that hangs down from under the shark's belly? Are they not 
the entrails! His own weight has forced them out! All right, cut them off, and let 
them drop into the sea, that will make the weight lighter. Pull on, brothers ! Oh, 
it is a fountain of blood! No, there is no use trying to save the clothes. Pull, he is 
almost within reach. Now, set him on the deck; take care, brother, be very 
careful, if he but charges on anybody, he will bite off a whole arm! And beware 
of that tail! Now, slacken the rope — thud! Lord! What a big shark! And with 
what a thud he fell on board the ship! Well, one cannot be too careful — strike 
his head with that beam — hallo, military man, you are a soldier, you are the 
man to do it. — "Quite so". The military passenger, with body and clothes 
splashed with blood, raised the beam and began to land heavy blows on the 
shark's head. And the women went on shrieking, "Oh dear! How cruel! Don't 
kill him!" and so forth, but never stopped seeing the spectacle. Let that 
gruesome scene end here. How the shark's belly was ripped open, how a torrent 
of blood flowed, how the monster continued to shake and move for a long time 
even after his entrails and heart had been taken off and his body dismembered, 
how from his stomach a heap of bones, skin, flesh, and wood, etc. came out — 
let all these topics go. Suffice it to say, that I had my meal almost spoilt that day 
— everything smelt of that shark. 

This Suez Canal is a triumph of canal engineering. It was dug by a French 
engineer, Ferdinand de Lesseps. By connecting the Mediterranean with the Red 
Sea, it has greatly facilitated the commerce between Europe and India. 

Of all the causes which have worked for the present state of human civilisation 
from the ancient times, the commerce of India is perhaps the most important. 
From time immemorial India has beaten all other countries in point of fertility 



and commercial industries. Up till a century ago, the whole of the world's 
demand for cotton cloth, cotton, jute, indigo, lac, rice, diamonds, and pearls, etc. 
used to be supplied from India. Moreover, no other country could produce such 
excellent silk and woollen fabrics, like the kincob etc. as India. Again, India has 
been the land of various spices such as cloves, cardamom, pepper, nutmeg, and 
mace. Naturally, therefore, from very ancient times, whatever country became 
civilised at any particular epoch, depended upon India for those commodities. 
This trade used to follow two main routes — one was through land, via 
Afghanistan and Persia, and the other was by sea — through the Red Sea. After 
his conquest of Persia, Alexander the Great despatched a general named 
Niarchus to explore a sea-route, passing by the mouth of the Indus, across the 
ocean, and through the Red Sea. Most people are ignorant of the extent to which 
the opulence of ancient countries like Babylon, Persia, Greece, and Rome 
depended on Indian commerce. After the downfall of Rome, Baghdad in 
Mohammedan territory, and Venice and Genoa in Italy, became the chief 
Western marts of Indian commerce. And when the Turks made themselves 
masters of the Roman Empire and closed the trade-route to India for the 
Italians, then Christopher Columbus (Christobal Colon), a Spaniard or Genoese, 
tried to explore a new route to India across the Atlantic, which resulted in the 
discovery of the American continent. Even after reaching America, Columbus 
could not get rid of the delusion that it was India. It is therefore that the 
aborigines of America are to this day designated as Indians. In the Vedas we 
find both names, "Sindhu" and "Indu", for the Indus; the Persians transformed 
them into "Hindu", and the Greeks into "Indus", whence we derived the words 
"India" and "Indian". With the rise of Mohammedanism the word "Hindu" 
became degraded and meant "a dark-skinned fellow", as is the case with the 
word "native" now. 

The Portuguese, in the meantime, discovered a new route to India, doubling 
Africa. The fortune of India smiled on Portugal — then came the turn of the 
French, the Dutch, the Danes, and the English. Indian commerce, Indian 
revenue and all are now in the possession of the English; it is therefore that they 
are the foremost of all nations now. But now, Indian products are being grown 
in countries like America and elsewhere, even better than in India, and she has 
therefore lost something of her prestige. This the Europeans are unwilling to 
admit. That India, the India of "natives", is the chief means and resources of 



their wealth and civilisation, is a fact which they refuse to admit, or even 
understand. We too, on our part, must not cease to bring it home to them. 

Just weigh the matter in your mind. Those uncared-for lower classes of India — 
the peasants and weavers and the rest, who have been conquered by foreigners 
and are looked down upon by their own people — it is they who from time 
immemorial have been working silently, without even getting the remuneration 
of their labours! But what great changes are taking place slowly, all over the 
world, in pursuance of nature's law! Countries, civilisations, and supremacy are 
undergoing revolutions. Ye labouring classes of India, as a result of your silent, 
constant labours Babylon, Persia, Alexandria, Greece, Rome, Venice, Genoa, 
Baghdad, Samarqand, Spain, Portugal, France, Denmark, Holland, and England 
have successively attained supremacy and eminence! And you? — Well, who 
cares to think of you! My dear Swami, your ancestors wrote a few philosophical 
works, penned a dozen or so epics, or built a number of temples — that is all, 
and you rend the skies with triumphal shouts; while those whose heart's blood 
has contributed to all the progress that has been made in the world — well, who 
cares to praise them? The world-conquering heroes of spirituality, war, and 
poetry are in the eyes of all, and they have received the homage of mankind. 

But where nobody looks, no one gives a word of encouragement, where 
everybody hates — that living amid such circumstances and displaying 
boundless patience, infinite love, and dauntless practicality, our proletariat are 
doing their duty in their homes day and night, without the slightest murmur — 
well, is there no heroism in this? Many turn out to be heroes when they have got 
some great task to perform. Even a coward easily gives up his life, and the most 
selfish man behaves disinterestedly, when there is a multitude to cheer them on; 
but blessed indeed is he who manifests the same unselfishness and devotion to 
duty in the smallest of acts, unnoticed by all — and it is you who are actually 
doing this ye ever- trampled labouring classes of India! I bow to you. 

This Suez Canal is also a thing of remote antiquity. During the reign of the 
Pharaohs in Egypt, a number of lagoons were connected with one another by a 
channel and formed a canal touching both seas. During the rule of the Roman 
Empire in Egypt also, attempts were made now and then to keep that channel 
open. Then the Mohammedan General Amru, after his conquest of Egypt, dug 
out the sand and changed certain features of it, so that it became almost 



transformed. 



After that nobody paid much attention to it. The present canal was excavated by 
Khedive Ismail of Egypt, the Viceroy of the Sultan of Turkey, according to the 
advice of the French, and mostly through French capital. The difficulty with this 
canal is that owing to its running through a desert, it again and again becomes 
filled with sand. Only one good-sized merchant-ship can pass through it at a 
time, and it is said that very big men-of-war or merchantmen can never pass 
through it. Now, with a view to preventing incoming and outgoing ships from 
colliding against each other, the whole canal has been divided into a number of 
sections, and at both ends of each section there are open spaces broad enough 
for two or three ships to lie at anchor together. The Head Office is at the 
entrance to the Mediterranean, and there are stations in every section like 
railway stations. As soon as a ship enters the canal, messages are continually 
wired to this Head Office, where reports of how many ships are coming in and 
how many are going out, with their position at particular moments are 
telegraphed, and are marked on a big map. To prevent one ship confronting 
another, no ship is allowed to leave any station without a line-clear. 

The Suez Canal is in the hands of the French. Though the majority of shares of 
the Canal Company are now owned by the English, yet, by a political 
agreement, the entire management rests with the French. 

Now comes the Mediterranean. There is no more memorable region than this, 
outside India. It marks the end of Asia, Africa, and of ancient civilisation. One 
type of manners and customs and modes of living ends here and another type of 
features and temperament, food and dress, customs and habits begins — we 
enter Europe. Not only this, but here also is the great centre of that historical 
admixture of colours, races, civilisations, culture, and customs, which extending 
over many centuries has led to the birth of modern civilisation. That religion, 
and culture, and civilisation, and extraordinary prowess which today have 
encircled the globe were bom here in the regions surrounding the 
Mediterranean. There, on the south, is the very, very ancient Egypt, the 
birthplace of sculpture — overflowing in wealth and food- stuffs; on the east is 
Asia Minor, the ancient arena of the Phoenician, Philistine, Jewish, valiant 
Babylonian, Assyrian, and Persian civilisations; and on the north, the land 



where the Greeks — wonders of the world — flourished in ancient times. 



Well, Swami, you have had enough of countries, and rivers, and mountains, and 
seas — now listen to a little of ancient history. Most wonderful are these annals 
of ancient days; not fiction, but truth — the true history of the human race. 
These ancient countries were almost buried in oblivion for eternity — the little 
that people knew of them consisted almost exclusively of the curiously 
fictitious compositions of the ancient Greek historians, or the miraculous 
descriptions of the Jewish mythology called the Bible. Now the inscriptions on 
ancient stones, buildings, rooms, and tiles, and linguistic analysis are voluble in 
their narration of the history of those countries. This recounting has but just 
commenced, but even now it has unearthed most wonderful tales, and who 
knows what more it will do in future? Great scholars of all countries are 
puzzling their heads day and night over a bit of rock inscription or a broken 
utensil, a building or a tile, and discovering the tales of ancient days sunk in 
oblivion. 

When the Mohammedan leader Osman occupied Constantinople, and the 
banner of Islam began to flutter triumphantly over the whole of eastern Europe, 
then those books and that learning and culture of the ancient Greeks which were 
kept hidden with their powerless descendants spread over western Europe in the 
wake of the retreating Greeks. Though subjected for a long time to the Roman 
rule, the Greeks were the teachers of the Romans in point of learning and 
culture. So much so that owing to the Greeks embracing Christianity and the 
Christian Bible being written in the Greek tongue, Christianity got a hold over 
the whole Roman Empire. But the ancient Greeks, whom we call the Yavanas, 
and who were the first teachers of European civilisation, attained the zenith of 
their culture long before the Christians. Ever since they became Christians, all 
their learning and culture was extinguished. But as some part of the culture of 
their ancestors is still preserved in the Hindu homes, so it was with the Christian 
Greeks; these books found their way all over Europe. This it was that gave the 
first impetus to civilisation among the English, German, French, and other 
nations. There was a craze for learning the Greek language and Greek arts. First 
of all, they swallowed everything that was in those books. Then, as their own 
intelligence began to brighten up, and sciences began to develop, they 
commenced researches as to the date, author, subject, and authenticity, etc. of 



those books. There was no restriction whatever in passing free opinions on all 
books of the non-Christian Greeks, barring only the scriptures of the Christians, 
and consequently there cropped up a new science — that of external and 
internal criticism. 

Suppose, for instance, that it is written in a book that such and such an incident 
took place on such and such a date. But must a thing be accepted as authentic, 
simply because some one has been pleased to write something about it in a 
book? It was customary with people, specially of those times, to write many 
things from imagination; moreover, they had very scanty knowledge about 
nature, and even of this earth we live in. All these raised grave doubts as to the 
authenticity of the subject-matter of a book. Suppose, for instance, that a Greek 
historian has written that on such and such a date there was a king in India 
called Chandragupta. If now, the books of India, too, mention that king under 
that particular date, the matter is certainly proved to a great extent. If a few 
coins of Chandragupta' s reign be found, or a building of his time which contains 
references to him, the veracity of the matter is then assured. 

Suppose another book records a particular incident as taking place in the reign 
of Alexander the Great, but there is mention of one or two Roman Emperors in 
such a way that they cannot be taken as interpolations — then that book is 
proved not to belong to Alexander's time. 

Or again, language. Every language undergoes some change through the lapse 
of time, and authors have also their own peculiar style. If in any book there is 
suddenly introduced a description which has no bearing on the subject, and is in 
a style quite different from the author's, it will readily be suspected as an 
interpolation. Thus a new science of ascertaining the truth about a book, by 
means of doubting and testing and proving in various ways, was discovered. 

To add to this, modern science began, with rapid strides, to throw new light on 
things from all sides, with the results that any book that contained a reference to 
supernatural incidents came to be wholly disbelieved. 

To crown all, there were the entrance of the tidal wave of Sanskrit into Europe 
and the deciphering of ancient lapidary inscriptions found in India, on the banks 
of the Euphrates, and in Egypt, as well as the discovery of temples etc., hidden 



for ages under the earth or on hill-sides, and the correct reading of their history. 

I have already said that this new science of research set the Bible or the New 
Testament books quite apart. Now there are no longer the tortures of the 
Inquisition, there is only the fear of social obloquy; disregarding that, many 
scholars have subjected those books also to a stringent analysis. Let us hope that 
as they mercilessly hack the Hindu and other scriptures to pieces, they will in 
time show the same moral courage towards the Jewish and Christian scriptures 
also. Let me give an illustration to explain why I say this. Maspero, a great 
savant and a highly reputed author on Egyptology, has written a voluminous 
history of the Egyptians and Babylonians entitled Histoire Ancienne Orientate. 
A few years ago I read an English translation of the book by an English 
archaeologist. This time, on my asking a Librarian of the British Museum about 
certain books on Egypt and Babylon, Maspero' s book was mentioned. And 
when he learnt that I had with me an English translation of the book, he said 
that it would not do, for the translator was a rather bigoted Christian, and 
wherever Maspero's researches hit Christianity in any way, he (the translator) 
had managed to twist and torture those passages! He recommended me to read 
the book in original French. And on reading I found it was just as he had said — 
a terrible problem indeed! You know very well what a queer thing religious 
bigotry is; it makes a mess of truth and untruth. Thenceforth my faith in the 
translations of those research works has been greatly shaken. 

Another new science has developed — ethnology, that is, the classification of 
men from an examination of their colour, hair, physique, shape of the head, 
language, and so forth. 

The Germans, though masters in all sciences, are specially expert in Sanskrit 
and ancient Assyrian culture; Benfey and other German scholars are 
illustrations of this. The French are skilled in Egyptology — scholars like 
Maspero are French. The Dutch are famous for their analysis of Jewish and 
ancient Christian religions — writers like Kuenen have attained a world- 
celebrity. The English inaugurate many sciences and then leave off. 

Let me now tell you some of the opinions of these scholars. If you do not like 
their views, you may fight them; but pray, do not lay the blame on me. 
According to the Hindus, Jews, ancient Babylonians, Egyptians, and other 



ancient races, all mankind have descended from the same primaeval parents. 
People do not much believe in this now. 

Have you ever seen jet-black, flat-nosed, thick-lipped, curly-haired Kaffirs with 
receding foreheads? And have you seen the Santals, and Andamanese, and Bhils 
with about the same features, but of shorter stature, and with hair less curly? 

The first class are called Negroes; these live in Africa. The second class are 
called Negritos (little Negroes); in ancient times these used to inhabit certain 
parts of Arabia, portions of the banks of the Euphrates, the southern part of 
Persia, the whole of India, the Andamans, and other islands, even as far as 
Australia. In modern times they are to be met with in certain forests and jungles 
of India, in the Andamans, and in Australia. 

Have you seen the Lepchas, Bhutias, and Chinese — white or yellow in colour, 
and with straight black hair? They have dark eyes — but these are set so as to 
form an angle — scanty beard and moustache, a flat face, and very prominent 
malar bones. Have you seen the Nepalese, Burmese, Siamese, Malays, and 
Japanese? They have the same shape, but have shorter stature. 

The two species of this type are called Mongols and Mongoloids (little 
Mongols). The Mongolians have now occupied the greater part of Asia. It is 
they who, divided into many branches such as the Mongols, Kalmucks, Huns, 
Chinese, Tartars, Turks, Manchus, Kirghiz, etc. lead a nomadic life, carrying 
tents, and tending sheep, goats, cattle, and horses, and whenever an opportunity 
occurs, sweep like a swarm of locusts and unhinge the world. These Chinese 
and Tibetans alone are an exception to this. They are also known by the name of 
Turanians. It is the Turan which you find in the popular phrase, "Iran and 
Turan." 

A race of a dark colour but with straight hair, straight nose and straight dark 
eyes, used to inhabit ancient Egypt and ancient Babylonia and now live all over 
India, specially in the southern portion; in Europe also one finds traces of them 
in rare places. They form one race, and have the technical name of Dravidians. 

Another race has white colour, straight eyes, but ears and noses curved and 
thick towards the tip, receding foreheads, and thick lips — as, for instance, the 
people of north Arabia, the modern Jews and the ancient Babylonians, 



Assyrians, Phoenicians, etc.; their languages also have a common stock; these 
are called the Semitic race. 

And those who speak a language allied to Sanskrit, who have straight noses, 
mouths, and eyes, a white complexion, black or brown hair, dark or blue eyes, 
are called Aryans. 

All the modem races have sprung from an admixture of these races. A country 
which has a preponderance of one or other of these races, has also its language 
and physiognomy mostly like those of that particular race. 

It is not a generally accepted theory in the West that a warm country produces 
dark complexion and a cold country white complexion. Many are of opinion 
that the existing shades between black and white have been the outcome of a 
fusion of races. 

According to scholars, the civilisations of Egypt and ancient Babylonia are the 
oldest. Houses and remains of buildings are to be met with in these countries 
dating 6,000 B.C. or even earlier. In India the oldest building that may have 
been discovered date back to Chandragupta's time at the most; that is, only 300 
B.C. Houses of greater antiquity have not yet been discovered. (The ancient 
remains at Harappa, Mohenjo-daro etc., in the Indus Valley in North-west India, which prove 
the existence of an advanced city civilisation in India dating back to more than 3000 B.C., were 
not dug out before 1922. — Ed.) But there are books, etc., of a far earlier date, which 
one cannot find in any other country. Pandit Bal Gangadhar Tilak has brought 
evidence to show that the Vedas of the Hindus existed in the present form at 
least five thousand years before the Christian era. 

The borders of this Mediterranean were the birthplace of that European 
civilisation which has now conquered the world. On these shores the Semitic 
races such as the Egyptians, Babylonians, Phoenicians, and Jews, and the Aryan 
races such as the Persians, Greeks, and Romans, fused together — to form the 
modern European civilisation. 

A big stone slab with inscriptions on it, called the Rosetta Stone, was 
discovered in Egypt. On this there are inscriptions in hieroglyphics, below 
which there is another kind of writing, and below them all there are inscriptions 



resembling Greek characters. A scholar conjectured that those three sets of 
inscriptions presented the same thing, and he deciphered these ancient Egyptian 
inscriptions with the help of Coptic characters — the Copts being the Christian 
race who yet inhabit Egypt and who are known as the descendants of the 
ancient Egyptians. Similarly the cuneiform characters inscribed on the bricks 
and tiles of the Babylonians were also gradually deciphered. Meanwhile certain 
Indian inscriptions in plough- shaped characters were discovered as belonging to 
the time of Emperor Asoka. No earlier inscriptions than these have been 
discovered in India. (The Indus script is now known to be contemporary with Sumerian and 
Egyptian. — Ed.) The hieroglyphics inscribed on various kinds of temples, 
columns, and sarcophagi all over Egypt are being gradually deciphered and 
making Egyptian antiquity more lucid. 

The Egyptians entered into Egypt from a southern country called Punt, across 
the seas. Some say that that Punt is the modem Malabar, and that the Egyptians 
and Dravidians belong to the same race. Their first king was named Menes, and 
their ancient religion too resembles in some parts our mythological tales. The 
god Shibu was enveloped by the goddess Nui; later on another god Shu came 
and forcibly removed Nui. Nui's body became the sky, and her two hands and 
two legs became the four pillars of that sky. And Shibu became the earth. Osiris 
and Isis, the son and daughter of Nui, are the chief god and goddess in Egypt, 
and their son Horns is the object of universal worship. These three used to be 
worshipped in a group. Isis, again, is worshipped in the form of the cow. 

Like the Nile on earth there is another Nile in the sky, of which the terrestrial 
Nile is only a part. According to the Egyptians, the Sun travels round the earth 
in a boat; now and then a serpent called Ahi devours him, then an eclipse takes 
place. The Moon is periodically attacked by a boar and torn to pieces, from 
which he takes fifteen days to recover. The deities of Egypt are some of them 
jackal-faced, some hawk-faced, others cow-faced, and so on. 

Simultaneously with this, another civilisation had its rise on the banks of the 
Euphrates. Baal, Moloch, Istarte, and Damuzi were the chief of deities here. 
Istarte fell in love with a shepherd named Damuzi. A boar killed the latter and 
Istarte went to Hades, below the earth, in search of him. There she was 
subjected to various tortures by the terrible goddess Alat. At last Istarte declared 



that she would no more return to earth unless she got Damuzi back. This was a 
great difficulty; she was the goddess of sex-impulse, and unless she went back, 
neither men, nor animals, nor vegetables would multiply. Then the gods made a 
compromise that every year Damuzi was to reside in Hades for four months and 
live on earth during the remaining eight months. Then Istarte returned, there 
was the advent of spring and a good harvest followed. 

Thus Damuzi again is known under the name of Adunoi or Adonis ! The religion 
of all the Semitic races, with slight minor variations, was almost the same. The 
Babylonians, Jews, Phoenicians, and Arabs of a later date used the same form 
of worship. Almost every god was called Moloch — the word which persists to 
this day in the Bengali language as Malik (ruler), Mulluk (kingdom) and so 
forth — or Baal; but of course there were minor differences. According to 
some, the god called Alat afterwards turned into Allah of the Arab. 

The worship of these gods also included certain terrible and abominable rites. 
Before Moloch or Baal children used to be burnt alive. In the temple of Istarte 
the natural and unnatural satisfaction of lust was the principal feature. 

The history of the Jewish race is much more recent than that of Babylon. 
According to scholars the scripture known as the Bible was composed from 500 
B.C. to several years after the Christian era. Many portions of the Bible which 
are generally supposed to be of earlier origin belong to a much later date. The 
main topics of the Bible concern the Babylonians. The Babylonian cosmology 
and description of the Deluge have in many parts been incorporated wholesale 
into the Bible. Over and above this, during the rule of the Persian Emperors in 
Asia Minor, many Persian doctrines found acceptance among the Jews. 
According to the Old Testament, this world is all; there is neither soul nor an 
after-life. In the New Testament there is mention of the Parsee doctrines of an 
after-life and resurrection of the dead, while the theory of Satan exclusively 
belongs to the Parsis. 

The principal feature of the Jewish religion is the worship of Yave-Moloch. But 
this name does not belong to the Jewish language; according to some it is an 
Egyptian word. But nobody knows whence it came. There are descriptions in 
the Bible that the Israelites lived confined in Egypt for a long time, but all this 
is seldom accepted now, and the patriarchs such as Abraham, and Isaac, and 



Joseph are proved to be mere allegories. 

The Jews would not utter the name "Yave", in place of which they used to say 
"Adunoi". When the Jews became divided into two branches, Israel and 
Ephraim, two principal temples were constructed in the two countries. In the 
temple that was built by the Israelites in Jerusalem, an image of Yave, 
consisting of a male and female figure united, was preserved in a coffer (ark), 
and there was a big phallic column at the door. In Ephraim, Yave used to be 
worshipped in the form of a gold-covered Bull. 

In both places it was the practice to consign the eldest son alive to the flames 
before the god, and a band of women used to live in both the temples, within the 
very precincts of which they used to lead most immoral lives and their earnings 
were utilised for temple expenditure. 

In course of time there appeared among the Jews a class of men who used to 
invoke the presence of deities in their person by means of music or dance. They 
were called Prophets. Many of these, through association with the Persians, set 
themselves against image-worship, sacrifice of sons, immorality, prostitution, 
and such other practices. By degrees, circumcision took the place of human 
sacrifice; and prostitution and image-worship etc. gradually disappeared. In 
course of time from among these Prophets Christianity had its rise. 

There is a great dispute as to whether there ever was bom a man with the name 
of Jesus. Of the four books comprising the New Testament, the Book of St. 

John has been rejected by some as spurious. As to the remaining three, the 
verdict is that they have been copied from some ancient book; and that, too, 
long after the date ascribed to Jesus Christ. 

Moreover, about the time that Jesus is believed to have been bom among the 
Jews themselves, there were born two historians, Josephus and Philo. They have 
mentioned even petty sects among the Jews, but not made the least reference to 
Jesus or the Christians, or that the Roman Judge sentenced him to death on the 
cross. Josephus' book had a single line about it, which has now been proved to 
be an interpolation. The Romans used to rule over the Jews at that time, and the 
Greeks taught all sciences and arts. They have all written a good many things 
about the Jews, but made no mention of either Jesus or the Christians. 



Another difficulty is that the sayings, precepts, or doctrines which the New 
Testament preaches were already in existence among the Jews before the 
Christian era, having come from different quarters, and were being preached by 
Rabbis like Hillel and others. These are what scholars say; but they cannot, with 
safety to their reputation, give oracular verdicts off-hand on their own religion, 
as they are wont to do with regard to alien religions. So they proceed slowly. 
This is what is called Higher Criticism. 

The Western scholars are thus studying the religions, customs, races, etc., of 
different and far-off countries. But we have nothing of the kind in Bengali! And 
how is it possible? If a man after ten years of hard labour translates a book of 
this kind, well, what will he himself live upon, and where will he get the funds 
to publish his book? 

In the first place, our country is very poor, and in the second place, there is 
practically no cultivation of learning. Shall such a day dawn for our country 
when we shall be cultivating various kinds of arts and sciences? — "She whose 
grace makes the dumb eloquent and the lame to scale mountains" — She, the 
Divine Mother, only knows ! 

The ship touched Naples — we reached Italy. The capital of Italy is Rome — 
Rome, the capital of that ancient, most powerful Roman Empire, whose politics, 
military science, art of colonisation, and foreign conquest are to this day the 
model for the whole world! 

After leaving Naples the ship called at Marseilles, and thence straight at 
London. 

You have already heard a good deal about Europe — what they eat, how they 
dress, what are their manners and customs, and so forth — so I need not write 
on this. But about European civilisation, its origin, its relation to us, and the 
extent to which we should adopt it — about such things I shall have much to 
say in future. The body is no respecter of persons, dear brother, so I shall try to 
speak about them some other time. Or what is the use? Well, who on earth can 
vie with us (specially the Bengalis) as regards talking and discussing? Show it 
in action if you can. Let your work proclaim, and let the tongue rest. But let me 



mention one thing in passing, viz. that Europe began to advance from the date 
that learning and power began to flow in among the poor lower classes. Lots of 
suffering poor people of other countries, cast off like refuse as it were, find a 
house and shelter in America, and these are the very backbone of America! It 
matters little whether rich men and scholars listen to you, understand you, and 
praise or blame you — they are merely the ornaments, the decorations of the 
country! — It is the millions of poor lower class people who are its life. 
Numbers do not count, nor does wealth or poverty; a handful of men can throw 
the world off its hinges, provided they are united in thought, word, and deed — 
never forget this conviction. The more opposition there is, the better. Does a 
river acquire velocity unless there is resistence? The newer and better a thing is, 
the more opposition it will meet with at the outset. It is opposition which 
foretells success. Where there is no opposition there is no success either. Good- 
bye! 



» 



« 



Home / Complete- Works / Volume 7 / Translation of Writings / 



MEMOIRS OF EUROPEAN TRAVEL 

II 

We have an adage among us that one that has a disc-like pattern on the soles of 
his feet becomes a vagabond. I fear, I have my soles inscribed all over with 
them. And there is not much room for probability, either. I have tried my best 
to discover them by scrutinising the soles, but all to no purpose — the feet have 
been dreadfully cracked through the severity of cold, and no discs or anything 
of the kind could be traced. However, when there is the tradition, I take it for 
granted that my soles are full of those signs. But the results are quite patent — 
it was my cherished desire to remain in Paris for some time and study the 
French language and civilisation; I left my old friends and acquaintances and 
put up with a new friend, a Frenchman of ordinary means, who knew no 
English, and my French — well, it was something quite extraordinary ! I had 
this in mind that the inability to live like a dumb man would naturally force me 
to talk French, and I would attain fluency in that language in no time — but on 
the contrary I am now on a tour through Vienna, Turkey, Greece, Egypt, and 
Jerusalem! Well, who can stem the course of the inevitable! — And this letter I 
am writing to you from the last remaining capital of Mohammedan supremacy 
— from Constantinople ! 

I have three travelling companions — two of them French and the third an 
American. The American is Miss MacLeod whom you know very well; the 
French male companion is Monsieur Jules Bois, a famous philosopher and 
litterateur of France; and the French lady friend is the world-renowned singer, 
Mademoiselle Calve. "Mister" is "Monsieur" in the French language, and 
"Miss" is "Mademoiselle" — with a Z-sound. Mademoiselle Calve is the 
foremost singer — opera singer — of the present day. Her musical 
performances are so highly appreciated that she has an annual income of three 
to four lakhs of rupees, solely from singing. I had previously been acquainted 
with her. The foremost actress in the West, Madame Sarah Bernhardt, and the 
foremost singer, Calve, are both of them of French extraction, and both totally 
ignorant of English, but they visit England and America occasionally and earn 



millions of dollars by acting and singing. French is the language of the civilised 
world, the mark of gentility in the West, and everybody knows it; consequently 
these two ladies have neither the leisure nor the inclination to learn English. 
Madame Bernhardt is an aged lady; but when she steps on the stage after 
dressing, her imitation of the age and sex of the role she plays is perfect! A girl 
or a boy — whatever part you want her to play, she is an exact representation 
of that. And that wonderful voice! People here say her voice has the ring of 
silver strings! Madame Bernhardt has a special regard for India; she tells me 
again and again that our country is "tres ancien, tres civilise " — very ancient 
and very civilised. One year she performed a drama touching on India, in 
which she set up a whole Indian street- scene on the stage — men, women, and 
children, Sadhus and Nagas, and everything — an exact picture of India! After 
the performance she told me that for about a month she had visited every 
museum and made herself acquainted with the men and women and their dress, 
the streets and bathing ghats and everything relating to India. Madame 
Bernhardt has a very strong desire to visit India. — "C'est mon ravel — It is 
the dream of my life", she says. Again, the Prince of Wales (His late Majesty King 
Edward VII, the then Prince of Wales.) has promised to take her over to a tiger and 
elephant hunting excursion. But then she said she must spend some two lakhs 
of rupees if she went to India! She is of course in no want of money. " La divine 
Sarah " — the divine Sarah — is her name; how can she want money, she who 
never travels but by a special train! That pomp and luxury many a prince of 
Europe cannot afford to indulge in! One can only secure a seat for her 
performance by paying double the fees, and that a month in advance! Well, she 
is not going to suffer want of money! But Sarah Bernhardt is given to spending 
lavishly. Her travel to India is therefore put off for the present. 

Mademoiselle Calve will not sing this winter, she will take a rest and is going 
to temperate climates like Egypt etc. I am going as her guest. Calve has not 
devoted herself to music alone, she is sufficiently learned and has a great love 
for philosophical and religious literature. She was born amidst very poor 
circumstances; gradually, through her own genius and undergoing great labour 
and much hardship, she has now amassed a large fortune and has become the 
object of adoration of kings and potentates! 

There are famous lady singers, such as Madame Melba, Madame Emma Ames, 



and others; and very distinguished singers, such as Jean de Reszke, Plancon, 
and the rest — all of whom earn two or three lakhs of rupees a year! But with 
Calve's art is coupled a unique genius. Extraordinary beauty, youth, genius, and 
a celestial voice — all these have conspired to raise Calve to the forefront of all 
singers. But there is no better teacher than pain and poverty! That extreme 
penury and pain and hardship of childhood, a constant struggle against which 
has won for Calve this victory, have engendered a remarkable sympathy and a 
profound seriousness in her life. Again, in the West, there are ample 
opportunities along with the enterprising spirit. But in our country, there is a 
sad dearth of opportunities, even if the spirit of enterprise be not absent. The 
Bengali woman may be keen after acquiring education, but it comes to nought 
for want of opportunities. And what is there to learn from in the Bengali 
language? At best some poor novels and dramas ! Then again, learning is 
confined at present to a foreign tongue or to Sanskrit and is only for the chosen 
few. In these Western countries there are innumerable books in the mother- 
tongue; over and above that, whenever something new comes out in a foreign 
tongue, it is at once translated and placed before the public. 

Monsieur Jules Bois is a famous writer; he is particularly an adept in the 
discovery of historical truths in the different religions and superstitions. He has 
written a famous book putting into historical form the devil-worship, sorcery, 
necromancy, incantation, and such other rites that were in vogue in Mediaeval 
Europe, and the traces of those that obtain to this day. He is a good poet, and is 
an advocate of the Indian Vedantic ideas that have crept into the great French 
poets, such as Victor Hugo and Lamartine and others, and the great German 
poets, such as Goethe, Schiller, and the rest. The influence of Vedanta on 
European poetry and philosophy is very great. Every good poet is a Vedantin, I 
find; and whoever writes some philosophical treatise has to draw upon Vedanta 
in some shape or other. Only some of them do not care to admit this 
indebtedness, and want to establish their complete originality, as Herbert 
Spencer and others, for instance. But the majority do openly acknowledge. And 
how can they help it — in these days of telegraphs and railways and 
newspapers? M. Jules Bois is very modest and gentle, and though a man of 
ordinary means, he very cordially received me as a guest into his house in 
Paris. Now he is accompanying us for travel. 



We have two other companions on the journey as far as Constantinople — Pere 
Hyacinthe and his wife. Pere, i.e. Father Hyacinthe was a monk of a strict 
ascetic section of the Roman Catholic Church. His scholarship, extraordinary 
eloquence, and great austerities won for him a high reputation in France and in 
the whole Catholic Order. The great poet, Victor Hugo, used to praise the 
French style of two men — one of these was Pere Hyacinthe. At forty years of 
age Pere Hyacinthe fell in love with an American woman and eventually 
married her. This created a great sensation, and of course the Catholic Order 
immediately gave him up. Discarding his ascetic garb of bare feet and loose- 
fitting cloak, Pere Hyacinthe took up the hat, coat, and boots of the householder 
and became — Monsieur Loyson. I, however, call him by his former name. It is 
an old, old tale, and the matter was the talk of the whole continent. The 
Protestants received him with honour, but the Catholics began to hate him. The 
Pope, in consideration of his attainments, was unwilling to part with him and 
asked him to remain a Greek Catholic priest, and not abandon the Roman 
Church. (The priests of the Greek Catholic section are allowed to marry but 
once, but do not get any high position). Mrs. Loyson, however, forcibly 
dragged him out of the Pope's fold. In course of time they had children and 
grandchildren; now the very aged Loyson is going to Jerusalem to try to 
establish cordial relations among the Christians and Mussulmans. His wife had 
perhaps seen many visions that Loyson might possibly turn out to be a second 
Martin Luther and overthrow the Pope's throne — into the Mediterranean. But 
nothing of the kind took place; and the only result was, as the French say, that 
he was placed between two stools. But Madame Loyson still cherishes her 
curious day-dreams ! Old Loyson is very affable in speech, modest, and of a 
distinctly devotional turn of mind. Whenever he meets me, he holds pretty long 
talks about various religions and creeds. But being of a devotional 
temperament, he is a little afraid of the Advaita. Madame Loyson' s attitude 
towards me is, I fear, rather unfavourable. When I discuss with the old man 
such topics as renunciation and monasticism etc., all those long-cherished 
sentiments wake up in his aged breast, and his wife most probably smarts all 
the while. Besides, all French people, of both sexes, lay the whole blame on the 
wife; they say, "That woman has spoilt one of our great ascetic monks!" 
Madame Loyson is really in a sorry predicament — specially as they live in 
Paris, in a Catholic country. They hate the very sight of a married priest; no 
Catholic would ever tolerate the preaching of religion by a man with family. 



And Madame Loyson has a bit of animus also. Once she expressed her dislike 
of an actress, saying, "It is very bad of you to live with Mr. So-and-so without 
marrying him". The actress immediately retorted, "I am a thousand times better 
than you. I live with a common man; it may be, I have not legally married him; 
whereas you are a great sinner — you have made such a great monk break his 
religious vows! If you were so desperately in love with the monk, why, you 
might as well live as his attending maid; but why did you bring ruin on him by 
marrying him and thus converting him into a householder?" 

However I hear all and keep silent. But old Pere Hyacinthe is a really sweet- 
natured and peaceful man, he is happy with his wife and family — and what 
can the whole French people have to say against this? I think, everything would 
be settled if but his wife climbed down a bit. But one thing I notice, viz. that 
men and women, in every country, have different ways of understanding and 
judging things. Men have one angle of vision, women another; men argue from 
one standpoint, women from another. Men extenuate women and lay the blame 
on men; while women exonerate men and heap all the blame on women. 

One special benefit I get from the company of these ladies and gentlemen is 
that, except the one American lady, no one knows English; talking in English is 
wholly eschewed, (It is not etiquette in the West to talk in company any language but one 
known to all party.) and consequently somehow or other I have to talk as well as 
hear French. 

From Paris our friend Maxim has supplied me with letters of introduction to 
various places, so that the countries may be properly seen. Maxim is the 
inventor of the famous Maxim gun — the gun that sends off a continuous 
round of balls and is loaded and discharged automatically without intermission. 
Maxim is by birth an American; now he has settled in England, where he has 
his gun-factories etc. Maxim is vexed if anybody alludes too frequently to his 
guns in his presence and says, "My friend, have I done nothing else except 
invent that engine of destruction?" Maxim is an admirer of China and India and 
is a good writer on religion and philosophy etc. Having read my works long 
since, he holds me in great — I should say, excessive — admiration. He 
supplies guns to all kings and rulers and is well known in every country, 
though his particular friend is Li Hung Chang, his special regard is for China 



and his devotion, for Confucianism. He is in the habit of writing occasionally 
in the newspapers, under Chinese pseudonyms, against the Christians — about 
what takes them to China, their real motive, and so forth. He cannot at all bear 
the Christian missionaries preaching their religion in China! His wife also is 
just like her husband in her regard for China and hatred of Christianity! Maxim 
has no issue; he is an old man, and immensely rich. 

The tour programme was as follows — from Paris to Vienna, and thence to 
Constantinople, by rail; then by steamer to Athens and Greece, then across the 
Mediterranean to Egypt, then Asia Minor, Jerusalem, and so on. The "Oriental 
Express" runs daily from Paris to Constantinople, and is provided with 
sleeping, sitting, and dining accommodations after the American model. 

Though not perfect like the American cars, they are fairly well furnished. I am 
to leave Paris by that train on October 24 (1900). 

Today is the 23rd October; tomorrow evening I am to take leave of Paris. This 
year Paris is a centre of the civilised world, for it is the year of the Paris 
Exhibition, and there has been an assemblage of eminent men and women from 
all quarters of the globe. The master-minds of all countries have met today in 
Paris to spread the glory of their respective countries by means of their genius. 
The fortunate man whose name the bells of this great centre will ring today will 
at the same time crown his country also with glory, before the world. And 
where art thou, my Motherland, Bengal, in the great capital city swarming with 
German, French, English, Italian, and other scholars? Who is there to utter thy 
name? Who is there to proclaim thy existence? From among that white galaxy 
of geniuses there stepped forth one distinguished youthful hero to proclaim the 
name of our Motherland, Bengal — it was the world-renowned scientist, Dr. 
(Later, Sir.) J. C. Bose! Alone, the youthful Bengali physicist, with galvanic 
quickness, charmed the Western audience today with his splendid genius; that 
electric charge infused pulsations of new life into the half-dead body of the 
Motherland! At the top of all physicists today is — Jagadish Chandra Bose, an 
Indian, a Bengali! Well done, hero! Whichever countries, Dr. Bose and his 
accomplished, ideal wife may visit, everywhere they glorify India — add fresh 
laurels to the crown of Bengal. Blessed pair! 

And the daily reunion of numbers of distinguished men and women which Mr. 



Leggett brought about at an enormous expense in his Parisian mansion, by 
inviting them to at-homes — that too ends today. 



All types of distinguished personages — poets, philosophers, scientists, 
moralists, politicians, singers, professors, painters, artists, sculptors, musicians, 
and so on, of both sexes — used to be assembled in Mr. Leggett's residence, 
attracted by his hospitality and kindness. That incessant outflow of words, clear 
and limpid like a mountainfall, that expression of sentiments emanating from 
all sides like sparks of fire, bewitching music, the magic current of thoughts 
from master minds coming into conflict with one another — which used to 
hold all spellbound, making them forgetful of time and place — these too shall 
end. 

Everything on earth has an end. Once again I took a round over the Paris 
Exhibition today — this accumulated mass of dazzling ideas, like lightning 
held steady as it were, this unique assemblage of celestial panorama on earth! 

It has been raining in Paris for the last two or three days. During all this time 
the sun who is ever kind to France has held back his accustomed grace. Perhaps 
his face has been darkened over with clouds in disgust to witness the secretly 
flowing current of sensuality behind this assemblage of arts and artists, learning 
and learned folk, or perhaps he has hid his face under a pall of cloud in grief 
over the impending destruction of this illusive heaven of particoloured wood 
and canvas. 

We too shall be happy to escape. The breaking up of the Exhibition is a big 
affair; the streets of this heaven on earth, the Eden-like Paris, will be filled with 
knee-deep mud and mortar. With the exception of one or two main buildings, 
all the houses and their parts are but a display of wood and rags and 
whitewashing — just as the whole world is! And when they are demolished, 
the lime-dust flies about and is suffocating; rags and sand etc. make the streets 
exceedingly dirty; and, if it rains in addition, it is an awful mess. 

In the evening of October 24 the train left Paris. The night was dark and 
nothing could be seen. Monsieur Bois and myself occupied one compartment 
— and early went to bed. On awakening from sleep we found we had crossed 



the French frontier and entered German territory. I had already seen Germany 
thoroughly; but Germany, after France, produces quite a jarring effect. "On the 
one hand the moon is setting" — From Kalidasa’s 

Shakuntalti.) — the world-encompassing France is slowly consuming herself in 
the fire of contemplated retribution — while on the other hand, centralised, 
young, and mighty Germany has begun her upward march above the horizon 
with rapid strides. On one side is the artistic workmanship of the dark-haired, 
comparatively short- statured, luxurious, highly civilised French people, to 
whom art means life; and on the other, the clumsy daubing, the unskilful 
manipulation, of tawny-haired, tall, gigantic German. After Paris there is no 
other city in the Western world; everywhere it is an imitation of Paris — or at 
least an attempt at it. But in France that art is full of grace and ethereal beauty, 
while in Germany, England, and America the imitation is coarse and clumsy. 
Even the application of force on the part of the French is beautiful, as it were, 
whereas the attempt of the Germans to display beauty even is terrible. The 
countenance of French genius, even when frowning in anger, is beautiful; that 
of German genius, even when beaming with smiles, appears frightful, as it 
were. French civilisation is full of nerve, like camphor or musk — it volatilises 
and pervades the room in a moment; while German civilisation is full of 
muscle, heavy like lead or mercury — it remains motionless and inert wherever 
it lies. The German muscle can go on striking small blows untiringly, till death; 
the French have tender, feminine bodies, but when they do concentrate and 
strike, it is a sledge-hammer blow and is irresistible. 

The Germans are constructing after the French fashion big houses and 
mansions, and placing big statues, equestrian figures, etc. on top of them, but 
on seeing a double- storeyed German building one is tempted to ask — is it a 
dwelling-house for men, or a stable for elephants and camels, while one 
mistakes a five- storeyed French stable for elephants and horses as a habitation 
for fairies. 

America is inspired by German ideals; hundreds of thousand Germans are in 
every town. The language is of course English, but nevertheless America is 
being slowly Germanised. Germany is fast multiplying her population and is 
exceptionally hardy. Today Germany is the dictator to all Europe, her place is 
above all! Long before all other nations, Germany has given man and woman 



compulsory education, making illiteracy punishable by law, and today she is 
enjoying the fruits of that tree. The German army is the foremost in reputation, 
and Germany has vowed to become foremost in her navy also. German 
manufacture of commodities has beaten even England! German merchandise 
and the Germans themselves are slowly obtaining a monopoly even in the 
English colonies. At the behest of the German Emperor all the nations have 
ungrudgingly submitted to the lead of the German Generalissimo in the battle- 
fields of China! 

The whole day the train rushed through Germany, till in the afternoon it 
reached the frontiers of Austria, the ancient sphere of German supremacy, but 
now an alien territory. There are certain troubles in travelling through Europe. 
In every country enormous duties are levied upon certain things, or some 
articles of merchandise are the monopoly of the Government, as for instance, 
tobacco. Again, in Russia and Turkey, you are totally forbidden to enter 
without a royal passport; a passport you must always have. Besides, in Russia 
and Turkey, all your books and papers will be seized; and when on perusal the 
authorities are satisfied that there is nothing in them against the Russian or 
Turkish Government and religion, then only they will be returned, otherwise 
they will all be confiscated. In other countries your tobacco is a source of great 
trouble. You must open your chest, and trunk and packages for inspection 
whether they contain tobacco etc. or not. And to come to Constantinople one 
has to pass through two big States — Germany and Austria, and many petty 
ones; the latter had formerly been districts of Turkey, but later on the 
independent Christian kings made a common cause and wrested as many of 
these Christian districts from Mohammedan hands as they could. The bite of 
these tiny ants is much worse than even that of the bigger ones. 

In the evening of October 25 the train reached Vienna, the capital of Austria. 
The members of the royal family in Austria and Russia are styled Archdukes 
and Archduchesses. Two Archdukes are to get down at Vienna by this train; 
and until they have done so the other passengers are not allowed to get down. 
So we had to wait. A few officers in laced uniform and some soldiers with 
feathered caps were waiting for the Archdukes, who got down surrounded by 
them. We too felt relieved and made haste to get down and have our luggage 
passed. There were few passengers, and it did not take us much time to show 



our luggage and have it passed. A hotel had already been arranged for, and a 
man from the hotel was waiting for us with a carriage. We reached the hotel 
duly. It was out of the question to go out for sight-seeing during the night; so 
the next morning we started to see the town. In all hotels, and almost in all the 
countries of Europe except England and Germany, the French fashion prevails. 
They eat twice a day like the Hindus; in the morning by twelve o'clock, and in 
the evening by eight. Early in the morning, that is, about eight or nine, they 
take a little coffee. Tea is very little in vogue except in England and Russia. 

The morning meal is called in French dejeuner — that is, breakfast, and the 
evening meal diner — that is, dinner. Tea is very much in use in Russia — it is 
too cold, and China is near enough. Chinese tea is excellent, and most of it goes 
to Russia. The Russian mode of drinking tea is also analogous to the Chinese, 
that is, without mixing milk. Tea or coffee becomes injurious like poison if you 
mix milk with it. The real tea-drinking races, the Chinese, Japanese, Russians, 
and the inhabitants of Central Asia, take tea without milk. Similarly, the 
original coffee-drinking races, such as the Turks, drink coffee without milk. 
Only in Russia they put a slice of lemon and a lump of sugar into the tea. The 
poor people place a lump of sugar in the mouth and drink tea over it, and when 
one has finished drinking, one passes that lump on to another, who repeats the 
process. 

Vienna is a small city after the model of Paris. But the Austrians are German 
by race. The Austrian Emperor was hitherto the Emperor of almost the whole 
of Germany. In the present times, owing to the far-sightedness of King 
Wilhelm of Prussia, the wonderful diplomacy of his able minister, Bismark, 
and the military genius of General Von Moltke, the King of Prussia is the 
Emperor of the whole of Germany barring Austria. Austria, shorn of her glory 
and robbed of her power, is somehow maintaining her ancient name and 
prestige. The Austrian royal line — the Hapsburg Dynasty — is the oldest and 
most aristocratic dynasty in Europe. It was this Austrian dynasty which hitherto 
rules Germany as Emperors — Germany whose princes are seated on the 
thrones of almost all the countries of Europe, and whose petty feudatory chiefs 
even occupy the thrones of such powerful empires as England and Russia. The 
desire for that honour and prestige Austria still cherishes in full, only she lacks 
the power. Turkey is called "the sick man" of Europe; then Austria should be 
called "the sick dame". Austria belongs to the Catholic sect, and until recently 



the Austrian Empire used to be called "the Holy Roman Empire". Modern 
Germany has a preponderance of Protestants. The Austrian Emperor has 
always been the right-hand man of the Pope, his faithful follower, and the 
leader of the Roman Catholic sect. Now the Austrian Emperor is the only 
Catholic Ruler in Europe; France, the eldest daughter of the Catholic Church, is 
now a Republic, while Spain and Portugal are downfallen! Italy has given only 
room enough for the Papal throne to be established, robbing the Pope's entire 
splendour and dominion; between the King of Italy and the Pope of Rome there 
is no love lost, they cannot bear each other's sight. Rome, the capital of the 
Pope, is now the capital of Italy. The King lives in the Pope's ancient palace 
which he has seized, and the ancient Italian kingdom of the Pope is now 
confined within the precincts of the Vatican. But the Pope has still great 
influence in religious matters — and the chief supporter of this is Austria. As a 
result of the struggle against Austria — against the age-long thraldom of 
Austria, the ally of the Pope — up rose modern Italy. Consequently Austria is 
against Italy — against, because she lost her. Unfortunately, however, young 
Italy, under England's misdirection, set herself to create a powerful army and 
navy. But where was the money? So, involved in debt, Italy is on the way to 
ruin; and to her misfortune, she brought on herself a fresh trouble by 
proceeding to extend her empire in Africa. Defeated by the Abyssinian 
monarch, she has sunk down, bereft of glory and prestige. Prussia in the 
meantime defeated Austria in a great war and thrust her off to a great distance. 
Austria is slowly dying, while Italy has similarly fettered herself by the misuse 
of her new life. 

The Austrian royal line is still the proudest of all European royal families. It 
boasts of being a very ancient and very aristocratic dynasty. The marriages and 
other connections of this line are contracted with the greatest circumspection, 
and no such relationship can be established with families that are not Roman 
Catholic. It was the glamour of a connection with this line that led to the fall of 
Napoleon the Great. Quaintly enough, he took it into his head to marry a 
daughter of some noble royal family and found a great dynasty through a 
succession of descendents. The hero who, questioned as to his pedigree, had 
replied, "I owe the title to my nobility to none — I am to be the founder of a 
great dynasty" — that is to say, that he would originate a powerful dynasty, and 
that he was not born to glorify himself with the borrowed plumes of some 



ancestor — that hero fell into this abyss of family prestige. 

The divorce of the Empress Josephine, the defeat of the Austrian Emperor in 
battle and taking his daughter to wife, the marriage of Bonaparte in great pomp 
with Marie Louise, the Princess of Austria, the birth of a son, the installation of 
the new-born babe as the King of Rome, the fall of Napoleon, the enmity of his 
father-in-law, Leipsic, Waterloo, St. Elelena, Empress Marie Louise living in 
her father's house with her child, the marriage of Napoleon's royal consort with 
an ordinary soldier, the death of his only son, the King of Rome, in the house 
of his maternal grandfather — all these are well-known incidents of history. 

Fallen in a comparatively weakened condition, France is now ruminating on 
her past glory — nowadays there are very many books on Napoleon. 

Dramatists like Sardou are writing many dramas on Napoleon dead and gone; 
and actresses like Madame Bernhardt and Rejane are performing those plays 
every night before bumper houses. Recently Madame Bernhardt has created a 
great attraction in Paris by playing a drama entitled L’aiglon (the Young 
Eagle). 

The young Eagle is the only son of Napoleon, practically interned in his 
maternal grandfather's residence, the Palace of Vienna. The Austrian Emperor's 
minister, the Machiavellian Metternich, is always careful not to allow the tales 
of heroism of his father to enter into the boy's mind. But a few of Bonaparte's 
veterans contrived to get themselves admitted into the boy's service in the 
Schonbrunn Palace, incognito; their idea was to somehow take the boy over to 
France and found the Bonaparte line by driving out the Bourbons reinstated by 
the combined European potentates. The child was the son of a great hero, and 
very soon that latent heroism woke up in him to hear the glorious tales of battle 
of his father. One day the boy fled from the Schonbrunn Palace accompanied 
by the conspirators. But Mettemich's keen intellect had already scented the 
matter, and he cut off the journey. The son of Bonaparte was carried back to 
the Schonbrunn Palace and the Young Eagle, with his wings tied, as it were, 
very soon died of a broken heart! 

This Schonbrunn Palace is an ordinary palace. Of course, the rooms etc. are 
lavishly decorated; in one of them perhaps one meets with only Chinese 



workmanship, in another only works of Hindu art, in a third the productions of 
some other country, and so on; and the garden attached to the Palace is very 
charming indeed. But all the people that now go to visit this Palace go there 
with the object of seeing the room where Bonaparte's son used to lie, or his 
study, or the room in which he died, and so forth. Many thoughtless French 
men and women are interrogating the guard, which room belonged to 
" L’aiglon ", which bed did "L’aiglon" use to occupy, and so on. What silly 
questions, these! The Austrians only know that he was the son of Bonaparte, 
and the relation was established by forcibly taking their girl in marriage; that 
hatred they have not yet forgotten. The Prince was a grandchild of the 
Emperor, and homeless, so they could not help giving him a shelter, but they 
could give him no such title as "King of Rome"; only, being the grandson of 
the Austrian Emperor, he was an Archduke, that was all. It may be that you 
French people have now written a book on him, making him the Young Eagle, 
and the addition of imaginary settings and the genius of Madame Bernhardt 
have created a great interest in the story, but how should an Austrian guard 
know that name? Besides, it has been written in that book that the Austrian 
Emperor, following the advice of his minister Metternich, in a way killed 
Napoleon's son! 

Hearing the name " L’aiglon ", the guard put on a long face and went on 
showing the rooms and other things thoroughly disgusted at heart; what else 
could he do? — it was too much for him to give up the tips. Moreover, in 
countries like Austria etc., the military department is too poorly paid, they have 
to live almost on a bare pittance; of course they are allowed to go back home 
after a few years' service. The guard's countenance darkened as an expression 
of his patriotism, but the hand instinctively moved towards the tip. The French 
visitors put some silver pieces into the guard's hand and returned home talking 
of "L’aiglon'' and abusing Metternich, while the guard shut the doors with a 
long salute. In his heart he must have given sweet names to the ancestors of the 
whole French people. 

The thing most worth seeing in Vienna is the Museum, specially the Scientific 
Museum, an institution of great benefit to the student. There is a fine collection 
of the skeletons of various species of ancient extinct animals. In the Art 
Gallery, paintings by Dutch artists form the major portion. In the Dutch school, 



there is very little attempt at suggestiveness; this school is famous for its exact 
copy of natural objects and creatures. One artist has spent years over the 
drawing of a basketful of fish, or a lump of flesh, or a tumbler of water — and 
that fish, or flesh, or water in the tumbler is wonderful. But the female figures 
of the Dutch school look just like athletes. 

There is of course German scholarship and German intellectuality in Vienna, 
but the causes which helped the gradual decay of Turkey are at work here also 
— that is to say, the mixture of various races and languages. The population of 
Austria proper speaks German; the people of Hungary belong to the Tartar 
stock, and have a different language; while there are some who are Greek- 
speaking and are Christians belonging to the Greek Church. Austria has not the 
power to fuse together so many different sects. Hence she has fallen. 

In the present times a huge wave of nationalism is sweeping over Europe, 
where people speaking the same tongue, professing the same religion, and 
belonging to the same race want to unite together. Wherever such union is 
being effectively accomplished, there is great power being manifested; and 
where this is impossible, death is inevitable. After the death of the present 
Austrian Emperor, (Francis Joseph II died in 1916) Germany will surely try to 
absorb the German- speaking portion of the Austrian Empire — and Russia and 
others are sure to oppose her; so there is the possibility of a dreadful war. The 
present Emperor being very old, that catastrophe may take place very early. 

The German Emperor is nowadays an ally of the Sultan of Turkey; and when 
Germany will attempt to seize Austrian territory, Turkey, which is Russia's 
enemy, will certainly offer some resistance to Russia; so the German Emperor 
is very friendly towards Turkey. 

Three days in Vienna were sufficient to tire me. To visit Europe after Paris is 
like tasting an inferior preparation after a sumptuous feast — that dress, and 
style of eating, that same fashion everywhere; throughout the land you meet 
with that same black suit, and the same queer hat — disgusting! Besides, you 
have clouds above, and this swarm of people with black hats and black coats 
below — one feels suffocated, as it were. All Europe is gradually taking up that 
same style of dress, and that same mode of living! It is a law of nature that such 
are the symptoms of death! By hundreds of years of drill, our ancestors have so 



fashioned us that we all clean our teeth, wash our face, eat our meals, and do 
everything in the same way, and the result is that we have gradually become 
mere automata; the life has gone out, and we are moving about, simply like so 
many machines! Machines never say "yea" or "nay", never trouble their heads 
about anything, they move on "in the way their forefathers have gone", and 
then rot and die. The Europeans too will share the same fate! "The course of 
time is ever changing! If all people take to the same dress, same food, same 
manner of talking, and same everything, gradually they will become like so 
many machines, will gradually tread the path their forefathers have trod", and 
as an inevitable consequence of that — they will rot and die! 

On the 28th October, at 9 p.m., we again took that Orient Express train, which 
reached Constantinople on the 30th. These two nights and one day the train ran 
through Hungary, Serbia, and Bulgaria. The people of Hungary are subjects of 
the Austrian Emperor, whose title, however, is "Emperor of Austria and King 
of Hungary". The Hungarians and Turks are of the same race, akin to the 
Tibetans. The Hungarians entered Europe along the north of the Caspian Sea, 
while the Turks slowly occupied Europe through the western borders of Persia 
and through Asia Minor. The people of Hungary are Christians, and the Turks 
are Mohammedans, but the martial spirit characteristic of Tartar blood is 
noticeable in both. The Hungarians have fought again and again for separation 
from Austria and are now but nominally united. The Austrian Emperor is King 
of Hungary in name only. Their capital, Budapest, is a very neat and beautiful 
city. The Hungarians are a pleasure-loving race and fond of music, and you 
will find Hungarian bands all over Paris. 

Serbia, Bulgaria, and the rest were districts of Turkey and have become 
practically independent after the Russo-Turkish War; but the Sultan of Turkey 
is yet their Emperor; and Serbia and Bulgaria have no right regarding foreign 
affairs. There are three civilised nations in Europe — the French, the Germans, 
and the English. The rest are almost as badly off as we are, and the majority of 
them are so uncivilised that you can find no race in Asia so degraded. 
Throughout Serbia and Bulgaria you find the same mud houses, and people 
dressed in tattered rags, and heaps of filth — and I was almost inclined to think 
I was back to India! Again, as they are Christians, they must have a number of 
hogs; and a single hog will make a place more dirty than two hundred 



barbarous men will be able to do. Living in a mud house with mud roof, with 
tattered rags on his person, and surrounded by hogs — there you have your 
Serb or Bulgarian! After much bloodshed and many wars, they have thrown off 
the yoke of Turkey; but along with this they have got a serious disadvantage — 
they must construct their army after the European model, otherwise the 
existence of not one of them is safe for a day. Of course, sooner or later they 
will all one day be absorbed by Russia; but even this two days' existence is 
impossible without an army. So they must have conscription. 

In an evil hour, did France suffer defeat from Germany. Through anger and 
fear she made every citizen a soldier. Every man must serve for some time in 
the army and learn the military science; there is no exemption for anybody. He 
must have to live in the barracks for three years and learn to fight, shouldering 
his gun, be he a millionaire by birth. The government will provide for his food 
and clothing, and the salary will be a centime (one pice) a day. After this he 
must be always ready for active service for two years at his home; and another 
fifteen years he must be ready to present himself for service at the first call. 
Germany set a lion to fury, so she too had to be ready. In other countries also 
conscription has been introduced in mutual dread of one another — so 
throughout Europe, excepting only England. England, being an island, is 
continually strengthening her navy, but who knows if the lessons of the Boer 
War will not force her to introduce conscription. Russia has the largest 
population of all, so she can amass the biggest army in Europe. Now, the titular 
states, like Serbia and Bulgaria, which the European Powers are creating by 
dismembering Turkey — they, too, as soon as they are born, must have up-to- 
date trained and well-equipped armies and guns etc. But ultimately who is to 
supply the funds? Consequently the peasants have had to put on tattered rags 
— while in the towns you will find soldiers dressed in gorgeous uniforms. 
Throughout Europe there is a craze for soldiers — soldiers everywhere. Still, 
liberty is one thing and slavery another; even best work loses its charm if one is 
forced to do it by another. Without the idea of personal responsibility, no one 
can achieve anything great. Freedom with but one meal a day and tattered rags 
on is a million times better than slavery in gold chains. A slave suffers the 
miseries of hell both here and hereafter. The people of Europe joke about the 
Serbs and Bulgarians etc., and taunt them with their mistakes and 
shortcomings. But can they attain proficiency all in a day, after so many years 



of servitude? Mistakes they are bound to commit — ay, by the hundreds — but 
they will learn through these mistakes and set them right when they have learnt. 
Give him responsibility and the weakest man will become strong, and the 
ignorant man sagacious. 

The train is traversing Hungary, Rumania, and other countries. Among the 
races that inhabit the moribund Austrian Empire, the Hungarians yet possess 
vitality. All the races of Europe, except one or two small ones, belong to the 
great stock which European scholars term the Indo-European or Aryan race. 
The Hungarians are among the few races which do not speak a Sanskritic 
language. The Hungarians and Turks, as already stated, belong to the same 
race. In comparatively modern times this very powerful race established their 
sovereignty in Asia and Europe. The country now called Turkistan, lying to the 
north of the Western Himalayas and the Hindukush range, was the original 
home of the Turks. The Turkish name for that country is Chagwoi. The Mogul 
dynasty of Delhi, the present Persian royal line, the dynasty of the Turkish 
Sultan of Constantinople, and the Hungarians have all gradually extended their 
dominion from that country, beginning with India, and pushing right up to 
Europe, and even today these dynasties style themselves as Chagwois and 
speak a common language. Of course these Turks were uncivilised ages ago, 
and used to roam with herds of sheep, horses, and cattle, taking their wives and 
children and every earthly possession with them, and encamp for some time 
wherever they could find enough pasture for their beasts. And when grass and 
water ran short there, they used to remove somewhere else. Even now many 
families of this race lead nomadic lives in this way in Central Asia. They have 
got a perfect similarity with the races of Central Asia as regards language, but 
some difference in point of physiognomy. The Turk's face resembles that of the 
Mongolian in the shape of the head and in the prominence of the cheek-bone, 
but the Turk's nose is not flat, but rather long, and the eyes are straight and 
large, though the space between the eyes of comparatively wide, as with the 
Mongolians. It appears that from a long time past Aryan and Semitic blood has 
found its way into this Turkish race. From time immemorial the Turks have 
been exceedingly fond of war. And the mixture with them of Sanskrit- speaking 
races and the people of Kandahar and Persia has produced the war-loving races 
such as the Afghans, Khiljis, Hazaras, Barakhais, Usufjais, etc., to whom war is 
a passion and who have frequently oppressed India. 



In very ancient times this Turkish race repeatedly conquered the western 
provinces of India and founded extensive kingdoms. They were Buddhists, or 
would turn Buddhists after occupying Indian territory. In the ancient history of 
Kashmir there is mention of these famous Turkish Emperors, Hushka, Yushka, 
and Kanishka. It was this Kanishka who founded the Northern school of 
Buddhism called the Mahay ana. Long after, the majority of them took to 
Mohammedanism and completely devastated the chief Buddhistic seats of 
Central Asia such as Kandahar and Kabul. Before their conversion to 
Mohammedanism they used to imbibe the learning and culture of the countries 
they conquered, and by assimilating the culture of other countries would try to 
propagate civilisation. But ever since they became Mohammedans, they have 
only the instinct for war left in them; they have not got the least vestige of 
learning and culture; on the contrary, the countries that come under their sway 
gradually have their civilisation extinguished. In many places of modern 
Afghanistan and Kandahar etc., there yet exist wonderful Stupas, monasteries, 
temples and gigantic statues built by their Buddhistic ancestors. As a result of 
Turkish admixture and their conversion to Mohammedanism, those temples 
etc. are almost in ruins, and the present Afghans and allied races have grown so 
uncivilised and illiterate that far from imitating those ancient works of 
architecture, they believe them to be the creation of supernatural spirits like the 
Jinn etc., and are firmly convinced that such great undertakings are beyond the 
power of man to accomplish. The principal cause of the present degradation of 
Persia is that the royal line belongs to the powerful, uncivilised Turkish stock, 
whereas the subjects are the descendants of the highly civilised ancient 
Persians, who were Aryans. In this way the Empire of Constantinople — the 
last political arena of the Greeks and Romans, the descendants of civilised 
Aryans — has been ruined under the blasting feet of powerful, barbarous 
Turkey. The Mogul Emperors of India were the only exceptions to this rule; 
perhaps that was due to an admixture of Hindu ideas and Hindu blood. In the 
chronicles of Rajput bards and minstrels all the Mohammedan dynasties who 
conquered India are styled as Turks. This is a very correct appellation, for, or 
whatever races the conquering Mohammedan armies might be made up, the 
leadership was always vested in the Turks alone. 

What is called the Mohammedan invasion, conquest, or colonisation of India 



means only this that, under the leadership of Mohammedan Turks who were 
renegades from Buddhism, those sections of the Hindu race who continued in 
the faith of their ancestors were repeatedly conquered by the other section of 
that very race who also were renegades from Buddhism or the Vedic religion 
and served under the Turks, having been forcibly converted to 
Mohammedanism by their superior strength. Of course, the language of the 
Turks has, like their physiognomy, been considerably mixed up; specially those 
sections that have gone farthest from their native place. Chagwoi have got the 
most hybrid form of language. This year the Shah of Persia visited the Paris 
Exhibition and returned to his country by rail via Constantinople. Despite the 
immense difference in time and place, the Sultan and the Shah talked with each 
other in their ancient Turkish mother tongue. But the Sultan's Turkish was 
mixed up with Persian, Arabic, and a few Greek words, while that of the Shah 
was comparatively pure. 

In ancient times these Chagwoi Turks were divided into two sections; one was 
called the "white sheep", and the other, "black sheep". But these sections 
started from their birthplace on the north of Kashmir, tending their flocks of 
sheep and ravaging countries, till they reached the shore of the Caspian Sea. 
The "white sheep" penetrated into Europe along the north of the Caspian Sea 
and founded the Kingdom of Hungary, seizing a fragment of the Roman 
Empire then almost in ruins, while the "black sheep", advancing along the 
south of the Caspian Sea, gradually occupied the western portion of Persia and, 
crossing the Caucasus, by degrees made themselves masters of Arabian 
territory such as Asia Minor and so forth; gradually they seized the throne of 
the Caliph, and bit by bit annexed the small remnant of the western Roman 
Empire. In very remote ages these Turks were great snake- worshippers. Most 
probably it was these dynasties whom the ancient Hindus used to designate as 
Nagas and Takshakas. Later on they became Buddhists; and afterwards they 
very often used to embrace the religion of any particular country they might 
conquer at any particular time. In comparatively recent times, of the two 
sections we are speaking about, the "white sheep" conquered the Christians and 
became converts to Christianity, while the "black sheep" conquered the 
Mohammedans and adopted their religion. But in their Christianity or 
Mohammedanism one may even now trace on research the strata of serpent- 
worship and of Buddhism. 



The Hungarians, though Turks by race and language, are Christians — Roman 
Catholics — in religion. In the past, religious fanaticism had no respect for any 
tie — neither the tie of language, nor that of blood, nor that of country. The 
Hungarians are ever the deadly enemies of Turkey; and but for the Hungarians' 
aid Christian states, such as Austria etc., would not have been able to maintain 
their existence on many an occasion. In modern times, owing to the spread of 
education and the discovery of Linguistics and Ethnology, people are being 
more attracted to the kinship of language and blood, while religious solidarity 
is gradually slackening. So, among the educated Hungarians and Turks, there is 
growing up a feeling of racial unity. Though a part of the Austrian Empire, 
Hungary has repeatedly tried to cut off from her. The result of many 
revolutions and rebellions has been that Hungary is now only nominally a 
province of the Austrian Empire, but practically independent in all respects. 

The Austrian Emperor is styled "the Emperor of Austria and King of Hungary". 
Hungary manages all her internal affairs independently of Austria and in these 
the subjects have full power. The Austrian Emperor continues to be a titular 
leader here, but even this bit of relation, it appears, will not last long. Skill in 
war, magnanimity and other characteristic virtues of the Turkish race are 
sufficiently present in the Hungarian also. Besides, not being converted to 
Mohammedanism they do not consider such heavenly arts as music etc. as the 
devil's snare, and consequently the Hungarians are great adepts in music and 
are renowned for this all over Europe. 

Formerly I had the notion that people of cold climates did not take hot chillies, 
which was merely a bad habit of warm climate people. But the habit of taking 
chillies, which we observed to begin with Hungary and which reached its 
climax in Rumania and Bulgaria etc., appeared to me to beat even your South 
Indians. 



» 



« 



Home / Complete- Works / Volume 7 / Translation of Writings / 



MEMOIRS OF EUROPEAN TRAVEL 
ADDENDA 

(These interesting jottings were found among Swamiji's papers — Ed.) 

The first view of Constantinople we had from the train. It is an ancient city, 
with big drains running across the walls, narrow and crooked lanes full of dirt, 
and wooden houses, etc., but in them there is a certain beauty owing to their 
novelty. At the station we had great trouble over our books. Mademoiselle 
Calve and Jules Bois tried much, in French, to reason with the octroi officers, 
which gradually led to a quarrel between the parties. The head of the officers 
was a Turk, and his dinner was ready; so the quarrel ended without further 
complications. They returned all the books with the exception of two which 
they held back. They promised to send them to the hotel immediately, which 
they never did. We went round the town and bazar of Stamboul or 
Constantinople. Beyond the Pont or creek is the Pera or foreigners' quarters, 
hotels, etc., whence we got into a carriage, saw the town, and then took some 
rest. In the evening we went to visit Woods Pasha, and the next day started on 
an excursion along the Bosphorus in a boat. It was extremely cold and there 
was a strong wind. So I and Miss MacLeod got down at the first station. It was 
decided that we would cross over to Scutari and see Pere Hyacinthe. Not 
knowing the language we engaged a boat by signs merely, crossed over, and 
hired a carriage. On the way we saw the seat of a Sufi Fakir. These Fakirs cure 
people's diseases, which they do in the following manner. First they read a 
portion of their scriptures, moving their body backward and forward; then they 
begin to dance and gradually get a sort of inspiration, after which they heal the 
disease by treading on the patient's body. 

We had a long talk with Pere Hyacinthe about the American Colleges, after 
which we went to an Arab shop where we met a Turkish student. Then we 
returned from Scutari. — We had found out a boat, but it failed to reach its 
exact destination. However, we took a tram from the place where we were 
landed and returned to our quarters at the hotel at Stamboul. The Museum at 
Stamboul is situated where the ancient harem of the Greek Emperors once 



stood. We saw some remarkable sarcophagi and other things, and had a 
charming view of the city from above Topkhana. I enjoyed taking fried chick 
peas here after such a long time, and had spiced rice and some other dishes, 
prepared in the Turkish fashion. After visiting the cemetery of Scutari we went 
to see the ancient walls. Within the walls was the prison — a dreadful place. 
Next we met Woods Pasha and started for the Bosphorus. We had our dinner 
with the French charge d'affaires and met a Greek Pasha and an Albanian 
gentleman. The Police have prohibited Pere Hyacinthe's lectures; so I too 
cannot lecture. We saw Mr. Devanmall and Chobeji — a Gujarati Brahmin. 
There are a good many Indians here — Hindustanis, Mussalmans, etc. We had 
a talk on Turkish Philosophy and heard of Noor Bey, whose gradfather was a 
Frenchman. They say he is as handsome as a Kashmari. The women here have 
got no purdah system and are very free. Prostitution is chiefly a Mohammedan 
practice. We heard of Kurd Pasha and the massacre of Armenians. The 
Armenians have really no country of their own, and those countries which they 
inhabit have generally a preponderating Mohammedan population. A particular 
tract called Armenia is unknown. The present Sultan is constructing a 
Hamidian cavalry out of the Kurds who will be trained in the manner of the 
Cossacks and they will be exempted from conscription. 

The Sultan called the Armenian and Greek Patriarchs and proposed to them 
conscription as an alternative for payment of taxes. They might thus serve to 
protect their motherland. They replied that if they went as soldiers to fight and 
died by the side of the Mohammedans, there would be some confusion about 
the interment of Christian soldiers. The Sultan's rejoinder to this was that it 
might be remedied by providing for both Mohammedan and Christian priests in 
each regiment, who would conduct the funeral service together when in the 
exigencies of battle the dead bodies of Christian and Mohammedan soldiers 
would have to be buried in a heap all together, and there could possibly be no 
harm if the souls of men of one religion heard in addition the funeral services 
meant for those of the other religion. But the Christians did not agree — so 
they continue to pay taxes. The surest reason of their not acquiescing in the 
proposal was their fear lest by living with the Mohammedans they might turn 
Mohammedan wholesale. The present Sultan of Stamboul is a very hard- 
working man and he personally supervises everything, including even the 
arrangement of amusements, such as theatrical performances etc., in the palace. 



His predecessor, Murad, was really a most unfit man, but the present Sultan is 
very intelligent. The amount of improvement he has made in the condition of 
the State in which he found it at his accession is simply wonderful. The 
Parliamentary system will not be successful in this country. 

At 10 in the morning we left Constantinople, passing a night and a day on the 
sea, which was perfectly placid. By degrees we reached the Golden Horn and 
the Sea of Marmora. In one of the islands of the Marmora we saw a monastery 
of the Greek religion. Formerly there was ample opportunity for religious 
education here, for it was situated between Asia on one side and Europe on the 
other. While out in the morning on a visit of the Mediterranean Archipelago we 
came across Professor Liper, whose acquaintance I had already made in the 
Pachiappa College at Madras. In one of the islands we came upon the ruins of a 
temple, which had probably been dedicated to Neptune, judging from its 
position on the sea-shore. In the evening we reached Athens, and after passing 
a whole night under quarantine we obtained permission for landing in the 
morning. Port Peiraeus is a small town, but very beautiful, having a European 
air about it in all respects, except that one meets now and then with one or two 
Greeks dressed in gowns. From there we drove five miles to have a look at the 
ancient walls of Athens which used to connect the city with the port. Then we 
went through the town; the Acropolis, the hotels, houses, and streets, and all 
were very neat and clean. The palace is a small one. The same day, again, we 
climbed the hillock and had a view of the Acropolis, the temple of the 
Wingless Victory, and the Parthenon, etc. The temple is made of white marble. 
Some standing remains of columns also we saw. The next day we again went to 
see these with Mademoiselle Melcarvi, who explained to us various historical 
facts relating thereto. On the second day we visited the temple of Olympian 
Zeus, Theatre Dionysius etc., as far as the sea-shore. The third day we set out 
for Eleusis, which was the chief religious seat of the Greeks. Here it was that 
the famous Eleusinian Mysteries used to be played. The ancient theatre of this 
place has been built anew by a rich Greek. The Olympian games too have been 
revived in the present times. They are held at a place near Sparta, the 
Americans carrying off the palm in them in many respects. But the Greeks won 
in the race from that place to this theatre of Athens. This year they gave 
undisputed proof of this trait of theirs in a competition with the Turks also. At 
10 a.m. on the fourth day we got on board the Russian steamer, Czar , bound for 



Egypt. After reaching the dock we came to learn that the steamer was to start at 
4 a.m. — perhaps we were too early or there would be some extra delay in 
loading the cargo. So, having no other alternative, we went round and made a 
cursory acquaintance with the sculpture of Ageladas and his three pupils, 
Phidias, Myron, and Polycletus, who had flourished between 576 B.C. and 486 
B.C. Even here we began to feel the great heat. In a Russian ship the first class 
is over the screw, and the rest is only deck — full of passengers, and cattle, and 
sheep. Besides, no ice was available in this steamer. 

From a visit to the Louvre Museum in Paris I came to understand the three 
stages of Greek art. First, there was the Mycenoean art, then Greek art proper. 
The Achaean kingdom had spread its sway over the neighbouring islands and 
also mastered all the arts that flourished there, being imported from Asia. Thus 
did art first make its appearance in Greece. From the prehistoric times up to 
776 B.C. was the age of the Mycenoean art. This art principally engaged itself 
in merely copying Asiatic art. Then from 776 B.C. to 146 B.C. was the age of 
Hellenic or true Greek art. After the destruction of the Achaean Empire by the 
Dorian race, the Greeks living on the continent and in the Archipelago founded 
many colonies in Asia. This led to a close conflict between them and Babylon 
and Egypt, which first gave rise to Greek art. This art in course of time gave up 
its Asiatic tinge and applied itself to an exact imitation of nature. The 
difference between Greek art and the art of other countries consists in this, that 
the former faithfully delineates the living phenomena of natural life. 

From 776 B.C. to 475 B.C. is the age of Archaic Greek art. The figures are yet 
stiff — not lifelike. The lips are slightly parted, as if always in smiles. In this 
respect they resemble the works of Egyptian artists. All the statues stand erect 
on their legs — quite stiff. The hair and beard etc. and all carved in regular 
lines and the clothes in the statues are all wrapped close round the body, in a 
jumble — not like flowing dress. 

Next to Archaic Greek art comes the age of Classic Greek art — from 475 B.C. 
to 323 B.C., that is to say, from the hegemony of Athens up to the death of 
Alexander the Great. Peloponnesus and Attica were the states where the art of 
this period flourished most. Athens was the chief city of Attica. A learned 
French art critic has written, "(Classic) Greek art at its highest development 



freed itself completely from the fetters of all established canons and became 
independent. It then recognised the art regulations of no country, nor guided 
itself according to them. The more we study the fifth century B.C., so brilliant 
in its art development — during which period all the perfect specimens of 
sculpture were turned out — the more is the idea brought home to our mind 
that Greek art owed its life and vigour to its cutting loose from the pale of 
stereotyped rules". This Classic Greek art had two schools — first, the Attic, 
and second, the Peloponnesian. In the Attic school, again, there were two 
different types — the first was the outcome of the genius of the gifted sculptor, 
Phidias, which a French scholar has described in the following terms: "A 
marvel of perfection in beauty and a glorious specimen of pure and sublime 
ideas, which will never lose their hold upon the human mind". The masters in 
the second type of the Attic school were Scopas and Praxiteles. The work of 
this school was to completely divorce art from religion and keep it restricted to 
the delineation of merely human life. 

The chief exponents of the second or Peloponnesian school of Classic Greek art 
were Polycletus and Lysippus. One of these was born in the fifth century B.C., 
and the other in the fourth century B.C. They chiefly aimed at laying down the 
rule that the proportion of the human body must be faithfully reproduced in art. 

From 323 B.C. to 146 B.C., that is, from the death of Alexander to the conquest 
of Attica by the Romans, is the period of decadence in Greek art. One notices 
in the Greek art of this period an undue attention to gorgeous embellishments, 
and an attempt to make the statues unusually large in bulk. Then at the time of 
the Roman occupation of Greece, Greek art contented itself merely by copying 
the works of previous artists of that country; and the only novelty there was, 
consisted in reproducing exactly the face of some particular individual. 



» 



Complete Works of Swami Vivekananda 



Volume 7 



Notes of Class Talks and Lectures 

Notes of Class Talks 



Notes of Lectures 



Complete Works of Swami Vivekananda 



Volume 7 

Notes of Class Talks and Lectures 

Notes of Class Talks 

On Art 
On Music 

On Mantra and Mantra-Chaitanya 
On Conceptions of Godhead 
On Food 

On Sannyasa and Family Life 

On Questioning the Competency of the Guru 

Shri Ramakrishna: The Significance of His Life and Teachings 

On Shri Ramakrishna and His Views 

Shri Ramakrishna: The Nation's Ideal 



Complete Works of Swami Vivekananda 



Volume 7 

Notes of Class Talks and Lectures 

Notes of Lectures 

Mecenaries in Religion 

The Destiny of Man 

Reincarnation 

Comparative Theology 

Buddhism, The Religion of The Light of Asia 

The Science of Yoga 



Complete Works of Swami Vivekananda 



Volume 7 

Epistles - Third Series 

Note 

I Sir 

II Sir 

III Sir 

IV Sir 

V Gupta 

VI Sir 

VII Atul Babu 

VIII Adhyapakji 

IX Adhyapakji 

X Adhyapakji 

XI Mrs. Tannatt Woods 

XII Adhyapakji 

XIII Mrs. Woods 

XIV Sister 



XV Brother 



XVI Professor 

XVII Sister 

XVIII Sister 

XIX Adhyapakji 

XX Adhyapakji 

XXI Adhyapakji 

XXII Adhyapakji 

XXIII Mr. Bhattacharya 

XXIV Kali 

XXV Brother Shivananda 

XXVI Brahmananda 

XXVII Alasinga 
XXVIII Brother 

XXIX Dear— 

XXX Rakhal 

XXXI Alasinga 

XXXII Dear 



XXXIII Sister 



XXXIV Shashi 

XXXV Adhvapakii 

XXXVI Miss Noble 
XXXVII Friend and Brother 
XXXVIII Sharat Chandra Chakravarti 
XXXIX Mrs. Bull 

XL Shuddhananda 
XLI Miss Noble 
XLII Miss Noble 
XLIII Madam 
XLIV Sturdy 
XLV Mrs. Leggett 
XL VI Mother 
XL VII Margot 
XL VIII Mother 
IL Mother 
L Mother 



LI Mr. Leggett 



LII Aunt Roxy 
LIII Alberta 



« 



Home / Complete- Works / Volume 7 / Epistles - Third Series / 



NOTE 

Before leaving for the USA, Swamiji used to change his name very often. In 
earlier years he signed as Narendra or Naren; then for some time as 
Vividishananda or Sachchidananda. But for the convenience of the readers, 
these volumes use the more familiar name Vivekananda. 



Publisher 



» 



Home / Complete- Works / Volume 7 / Epistles - Third Series / 

« 

I 

{Translated from Bengali) 

Glory to Ramakrishna! 



DEAR Sir (Shri Balaram Bose), 



Baidyanath, 
25th December, 1889. 



I have been staying for the last few days at Baidyanath in Puma Babu's Lodge. 
It is not so cold, and my health too is indifferent. I am suffering from 
indigestion, probably due to excess of iron in the water. I have found nothing 
agreeable here — neither the place, nor the season, nor the company. I leave 
for Varanasi tomorrow. Achyutananda stopped at Govinda Chaudhury's place 
at Deoghar, and the latter, as soon as he got news of us, earnestly insisted on 
our becoming his guests. Finally, he met us once again and prevailed on us to 
accede to his request. The man is a great worker, but has a number of women 
with him — old women most of them, of the ordinary Vaishnava type. . . . His 
clerks too revere us much; some of them are very much ill-disposed towards 

him, and they spoke of his misdeeds. Incidentally, I raised the topic of . You 

have many wrong ideas or doubts about her; hence I write all this after 
particular investigation. Even the aged clerks of this establishment highly 

respect and revere her. She came to stop with while she was a mere child, 

and ever lived as his wife. . . . Everyone admits in one voice that her character 
is spotless. She was all along a perfectly chaste woman and never behaved with 

in any relation but that of wife to husband, and she was absolutely faithful. 

She came at too early an age to have incurred any moral taint. After she had 

separated from , she wrote to him to say that she had never treated him as 

anything but her husband, but that it was impossible for her to live with a man 
with a loose character. His old office-bearers too believe him to be satanic in 

character; but they consider a Devi (angel), and remark that it was following 

her departure that lost all sense of shame. 

My object in writing all this is that formerly I was not a believer in the tale of 



the lady's early life. The idea that there might be such purity in the midst of a 
relation which society does not recognise, I used to consider as romance. But 
after thorough investigation I have come to know that it is all right. She is very 
pure, pure from her infancy — I have not the least doubt about it. For 
entertaining those doubts, you and I and everyone are guilty to her; I make 
repeated salutations to her, and ask her pardon for my guilt. She is not a liar. 

I take this opportunity to record that such courage is impossible in a lying and 
unchaste woman. I have also been told that she had a lifelong ardent faith in 
religion also. 

Well, your disease is not yet improving! I don't think this is a place for patients 
unless one is ready to spend a good deal of money. Please think out some 
judicious course. Here every article will have to be procured from elsewhere. 

Yours sincerely, 

VlVEKANANDA. 



» 



Home / Complete- Works / Volume 7 / Epistles - Third Series / 

« 

II 

{Translated from Bengali) 

Glory to Ramakrishna! 



DEAR Sir (Shri Balaram Bose), 



Allahabad, 
30th December, 1889. 



Gupta left a slip when coming and the next day a letter from Yogananda gave 
me all the news and I immediately started for Allahabad which I reached the 
day after, to find that Yogananda had completely recovered. He had chicken- 
pox (with one or two smallpox rashes also). The doctor is a noble soul, and 
they have got a brotherhood, who are all great pious men and highly devoted to 
the service of Sadhus. They are particularly anxious that I pass the month of 
Magh here, but I am leaving for Varanasi. . . . How are you? I pray to God for 
the welfare of yourself and your family. Please convey my compliments to 
Tulasiram, Chuni Babu, and the rest. 



Yours affectionately, 
VlVEKANANDA. 



» 



Home / Complete- Works / Volume 7 / Epistles - Third Series / 

« 

III 

{Translated from Bengali) 



REVERED Sir (Shri Balaram Bose), 



Ghazipur, 
30th January, 1890. 



I am now stopping with Satish Babu at Ghazipur. Of the few places I have 
recently visited, this is the healthiest. The water of Baidyanath is very bad — it 
leads to indigestion. Allahabad is very congested. The few days I passed at 
Varanasi, I suffered from fever day and night — the place is so malarious! 
Ghazipur has a very salubrious climate — specially the quarter I am living in. I 
have visited Pavhari Baba's house — there are high walls all round, and it is 
fashioned like an English bungalow. There is a garden inside and big rooms 
and chimneys, etc. He allows nobody to enter. If he is so inclined, he comes up 
to the door and speaks from inside — that is all. One day I went and waited and 
waited in the cold and had to return. I shall go to Varanasi on Sunday next. If 
the meeting with the Babaji takes place in the meantime, all right, otherwise I 
bid him good-bye. About Pramada Babu's place I shall write definitely from 
Varanasi. If Kali Bhattacharya is determined to come, let him do so after I 
leave for Varanasi on Sunday, but he should rather not. After a few days' stay 
at Varanasi, I shall start for Hrishikesh. Pramada Babu may accompany me. 
Please accept all of you my cordial greetings — and blessing to Fakir, Ram, 
Krishnamayi, etc. 



Yours affectionately, 
VlVEKANANDA. 

PS. In my opinion, it will do you much good if you come and stay for some 
time at Ghazipur. Here Satish will be able to secure a bungalow for you, and 
there is a gentleman, Gagan Chandra Ray by name, who is the head of the 
Opium Office and is exceedingly courteous, philanthropic, and social — they 
will arrange for everything. The house-rent is fifteen to twenty rupees; rice is 
dear, and milk sells at sixteen to twenty seers a rupee; all other things are very 



cheap. Besides, under the care of these gentlemen, there is no chance of any 
difficulty. But it is slightly expensive — it will cost over forty to fifty rupees. 
Varanasi is horribly malarious. I have never lived in Pramada Babu's garden. 
He likes to have me always in his company. The garden is indeed very 
beautiful, richly laid out, spacious, and open. This time when I go, I shall live 
there and report to you. 



» 



Home / Complete- Works / Volume 7 / Epistles - Third Series / 

« 

IV 

{Translated from Bengali) 

Salutation to Bhagavan Ramakrishna! 



REVERED Sir (Shri Balaram Bose), 



C/O Satish Mukherji, 
Gorabazar, Ghazipur. 
1 4th February, 1890. 



I am in receipt of your letter of contrition. I am not leaving this place soon — it 
is impossible to avoid the Babaji's request. You have expressed remorse at not 
having reaped any appreciable results by serving the Sadhus. It is true, and yet 
not true; it is true if you look towards ideal bliss; but if you look behind to the 
place from which you started, you will find that before you were an animal, 
now you are a man, and will be a god or God Himself in future. Moreover, that 
sort of regret and dissatisfaction is very good; it is the prelude to improvement. 
Without this none can rise. He who puts on a turban and immediately sees the 
Lord, progresses thus far and no farther. You are blessed indeed to have that 
constant dissatisfaction preying upon your mind — rest assured that there is no 
danger for you. ... You are a keenly intelligent man, and know full well that 
patience is the best means of success. In this respect I have no doubt that we 
light-headed boys have much to learn from you. ... You are a considerate man, 
and I need not add anything. Man has two ears but one mouth. You specially 
are given to plain-speaking and are chary of making large promises — things 
that sometimes make me cross with you, but upon reflection I find that it is you 
who have acted with discretion. "Slow but sure." "What is lost in power is 
gained in speed." However, in this world everything depends upon one's words. 
To get an insight behind the words (specially, with your economical spirit 
masking all) is not given to all, and one must associate long with a man to be 
able to understand him. . . . Religion is not in sects, nor in making a fuss — 
why do you forget these teachings of our revered Master? Please help as far as 
it lies in you, but to judge what came of it, whether it was turned to good or evil 
account, is perhaps beyond our jurisdiction. . . . Considering the great shock 



which Girish Babu has received, it will give him immense peace to serve 
Mother at this moment. He is a very keen-witted person. And our beloved 
Master had perfect confidence in you, used to dine nowhere else except at your 
place, and, I have heard, Mother too has the fullest confidence in you. In view 
of these, you will please bear and forbear all shortcomings of us fickle boys, 
treating them as if they were done by your own boy. This is all I have got to 
say. Please let me know by return of post when the Anniversary is to take 
place. A pain in the loins is giving me much trouble. In a few days the place 
will look exceedingly beautiful, with miles and miles of rose-banks all in 
flower. Satish says he will then send some fresh roses and cuttings for the 
Festival. . . . May the Lord ordain that your son becomes a man, and never a 
coward! 



Yours affectionately, 
VlVEKANANDA. 

PS. If Mother has come, please convey to her my countless salutations, and ask 
her to bless me that I may have unflinching perseverance. Or, if that be 
impossible in this body, may it fall off soon! 



» 



Home / Complete- Works / Volume 7 / Epistles - Third Series / 

« 

V 

{Translated from Bengali) 



MY DEAR Gupta (Swami Sadananda), 



Ghazipur, 
14th Feb., 1890. 



I hope you are doing well. Do your own spiritual exercises, and knowing 
yourself to be the humblest servant of all, serve them. Those with whom you 
are staying are such that even I am not worthy to call myself their humblest 
servant and take the dust of their feet. Knowing this, serve them and have 
devotion for them. Don't be angry even if they abuse or even hurt you 
grievously. Never mix with women. Try to be hardy little by little, and 
gradually accustom yourself to maintaining the body out of the proceeds of 
begging. Whoever takes the name of Ramakrishna, know him to be your Guru. 
Everyone can play the role of a master, but it is very difficult to be a servant. 
Specially you should follow Shashi. Know it for certain that without steady 
devotion for the Guru and unflinching patience and perseverance, nothing is to 
be achieved. You must have strict morality. Deviate an inch from this, and you 
are gone forever. 



Yours affectionately, 
VlVEKANANDA. 



» 



Home / Complete- Works / Volume 7 / Epistles - Third Series / 

« 

VI 

{Translated from Bengali) 

Glory to Ramakrishna! 



REVERED Sir (Shri Balaram Bose), 



Ghazipur, 
15th March, 1890. 



Received your kind note yesterday. I am very sorry to learn that Suresh Babu's 
illness is extremely serious. What is destined will surely happen. It is a matter 
of great regret that you too have fallen ill. So long as egoism lasts, any 
shortcoming in adopting remedial measures is to be considered as idleness — it 
is a fault and a guilt. For one who has not that egoistic idea, the best course is 
to forbear. The dwelling-place of the Jivatman, this body, is a veritable means 
of work, and he who converts this into an infernal den is guilty, and he who 
neglects it is also to blame. Please act according to circumstances as they 
present themselves, without the least hesitation. 

Sftd^.d TOT I 

Titim f™ Jjd^r W II 

— "The highest duty consists in doing the little that lies in one's power, seeking 
neither death nor life, and biding one's time like a servant ready to do any 
behest." 



There is a dreadful outbreak of influenza at Varanasi and Pramada Babu has 
gone to Allahabad. Baburam has suddenly come here. He has got fever; he was 
wrong to start under such circumstances. ... I am leaving this place tomorrow. 

. . . My countless salutations to Mother. You all bless me that I may have 
sameness of vision, that after avoiding the bondages which one is heir to by 
one's very birth, I may not again get stuck in self-imposed bondages. If there be 
any Doer of good and if He have the power and the opportunity, may He 
vouchsafe the highest blessings unto you all — this is my constant prayer. 



Yours affectionately, 
VlVEKANANDA. 



» 



Home / Complete- Works / Volume 7 / Epistles - Third Series / 

« 

VII 

{Translated from Bengali) 



Dear ATUL BABU (Atul Chandra Ghosh.), 



Ghazipur, 
15th March, 1890. 



I am extremely sorry to hear that you are passing through mental afflictions. 
Please do only what is agreeable to you. 



m MR 



— "While there is birth there is death, and again entering the mother's womb. 
This is the manifest evil of transmigration. How, O man, dost thou want 
satisfaction in such a world!" 



Yours affectionately, 
VlVEKANANDA. 



PS. I am leaving this place tomorrow. Let me see which way destiny leads! 



» 



« 



Home / Complete- Works / Volume 7 / Epistles - Third Series / 



VIII 



Salem (U.S.A.), 
30th Aug., 1893. 

Dear Adhyapakji (Honourable Professor) (Prof. John Henry Wright), 

I am going off from here today. I hope you have received some reply from 
Chicago. I have received an invitation with full directions from Mr. Sanborn. 

So I am going to Saratoga on Monday. My respects to your wife. And my love 
to Austin and all the children. You are a real Mahatma (a great soul) and Mrs. 
Wright is nonpareil. 



Yours affectionately, 
VlVEKANANDA. 



» 



« 



Home / Complete- Works / Volume 7 / Epistles - Third Series / 



IX 



Salem, 

Saturday, 4th Sept., 1893. 

Dear ADHYAPAKJI (Prof. John Henry Wright), 

I hasten to tender my heartfelt gratitude to you for your letters of introduction. I 
have received a letter from Mr. Theles of Chicago giving me the names of 
some of the delegates and other things about the Congress. 

Your professor of Sanskrit in his note to Miss Sanborn mistakes me for 
Purushottama Joshi and states that there is a Sanskrit library in Boston the like 
of which can scarcely be met with in India. I would be so happy to see it. 

Mr. Sanborn has written to me to come over to Saratoga on Monday and I am 
going accordingly. I would stop then at a boarding house called Sanatorium. If 
any news come from Chicago in the meanwhile I hope you will kindly send it 
over to the Sanatorium, Saratoga. 

You and your noble wife and sweet children have made an impression in my 
brain which is simply indelible, and I thought myself so much nearer to heaven 
when living with you. May He, the giver of all gifts, shower on your head His 
choicest blessings. 

Here are a few lines written as an attempt at poetry. Hoping your love will 
pardon this infliction. 



Ever your friend, 
VlVEKANANDA. 



O'er hill and dale and mountain range, 
In temple, church, and mosque, 

In Vedas, Bible, A1 Koran 
I had searched for Thee in vain. 



Like a child in the wildest forest lost 
I have cried and cried alone, 

"Where art Thou gone, my God, my love?" 
The echo answered, "gone." 

And days and nights and years then passed 
A fire was in the brain; 

I knew not when day changed in night, 

The heart seemed rent in twain. 

I laid me down on Ganga's shore, 

Exposed to sun and rain; 

With burning tears I laid the dust 
And wailed with waters' roar. 

I called on all the holy names 
Of every clime and creed, 

"Show me the way, in mercy, ye 
Great ones who have reached the goal". 

Years then passed in bitter cry, 

Each moment seemed an age, 

Till one day midst my cries and groans 
Some one seemed calling me. 

A gentle soft and soothing voice 
That said "my son", "my son", 

That seemed to thrill in unison 
With all the chords of my soul. 

I stood on my feet and tried to find 
The place the voice came from; 

I searched and searched and turned to see 
Round me, before, behind. 

Again, again it seemed to speak — 

The voice divine to me. 

In rapture all my soul was hushed, 



Entranced, enthralled in bliss. 



A flash illumined all my soul; 

The heart of my heart opened wide. 

0 joy, O bliss, what do I find! 

My love, my love, you are here, 

And you are here, my love, my all! 

And I was searching thee! 

From all eternity you were there 
Enthroned in majesty! 

From that day forth, where'er I roam, 

1 feel Him standing by 

O'er hill and dale, high mount and vale, 
Far far away and high. 

The moon's soft light, the stars so bright, 
The glorious orb of day, 

He shines in them; His beauty — might — 
Reflected lights are they. 

The majestic morn, the melting eve, 

The boundless billowy sea, 

In nature's beauty, songs of birds, 

I see through them — it is He. 

When dire calamity seizes me, 

The heart seems weak and faint, 

All nature seems to crush me down, 

With laws that never bend. 

Meseems I hear Thee whispering sweet 
My love, "I am near", "I am near". 

My heart gets strong. With Thee, my love, 
A thousand deaths no fear. 

Thou speakest in the mother's lay 
That shuts the baby's eye; 



When innocent children laugh and play 
I see Thee standing by. 

When holy friendship shakes the hand, 

He stands between them too; 

He pours the nectar in mother's kiss 
And the baby's sweet "mama". 

Thou wert my God with prophets old; 

All creeds do come from Thee; 

The Vedas, Bible, and Koran bold 
Sing Thee in harmony. 

"Thou art", "Thou art" the Soul of souls 
In the rushing stream of life. 

"Om tat Sat om." (Tat Sat means that only real existence. [Swamiji's note].) Thou 
art my God. 

My love, I am thine, I am thine. 



« 



Home / Complete- Works / Volume 7 / Epistles - Third Series / 



X 



Dear ADHYAPAKJI (Prof. John Henry Wright), 



Chicago, 
2nd October, 1893. 



I do not know what you are thinking of my long silence. In the first place I 
dropped in on the Congress in the eleventh hour, and quite unprepared; and that 
kept me very very busy for some time. Secondly, I was speaking almost every 
day in the Congress and had no time to write; and last and greatest of all — my 
kind friend, I owe so much to you that it would have been an insult to your 
ahetuka (unselfish) friendship to have written you business-like letters in a 
hurry. The Congress is now over. 

Dear brother, I was so so afraid to stand before that great assembly of fine 
speakers and thinkers from all over the world and speak; but the Lord gave me 
strength, and I almost every day heroically (?) faced the platform and the 
audience. If I have done well, He gave me the strength for it; if I have 
miserably failed — I knew that beforehand — for I am hopelessly ignorant. 

Your friend Prof. Bradley was very kind to me and he always cheered me on. 
And oh! everybody is so kind here to me who am nothing — that it is beyond 
my power of expression. Glory unto Him in the highest in whose sight the poor 
ignorant monk from India is the same as the learned divines of this mighty 
land. And how the Lord is helping me every day of my life, brother — I 
sometimes wish for a life of [a] million million ages to serve Him through the 
work, dressed in rags and fed by charity. 

Oh, how I wished that you were here to see some of our sweet ones from India 
— the tender-hearted Buddhist Dharmapala, the orator Mazoomdar — and 
realise that in that far-off and poor India there are hearts that beat in sympathy 
to yours, born and brought up in this mighty and great country. 

My eternal respects to your holy wife; and to your sweet children my eternal 
love and blessings. 



Col. Higginson, a very broad man, told me that your daughter had written to his 
daughter about me; and he was very sympathetic to me. I am going to Evanston 
tomorrow and hope to see Prof. Bradley there. 

May He make us all more and more pure and holy so that we may live a perfect 
spiritual life even before throwing off this earthly body. 



VlVEKANANDA. 



[The letter continues on a separate sheet of paper:] 

I am now going to be reconciled to my life here. All my life I have been taking 
every circumstance as coming from Him and calmly adapting myself to it. At 
first in America I was almost out of my water. I was afraid I would have to give 
up the accustomed way of being guided by the Lord and cater for myself — 
and what a horrid piece of mischief and ingratitude was that. I now clearly see 
that He who was guiding me on the snow tops of the Himalayas and the 
burning plains of India is here to help me and guide me. Glory unto Him in the 
highest. So I have calmly fallen into my old ways. Somebody or other gives me 
a shelter and food, somebody or other comes to ask me to speak about Him, 
and I know He sends them and mine is to obey. And then He is supplying my 
necessities, and His will be donel 

"He who rests [in] Me and gives up all other self-assertion and struggles I carry 
to him whatever he needs" (Gita). 

So it is in Asia. So in Europe. So in America. So in the deserts of India. So in 
the rush of business in America. For is He not here also? And if He does not, I 
only would take for granted that He wants that I should lay aside this three 
minutes' body of clay — and hope to lay it down gladly. 

We may or may not meet, brother. He knows. You are great, learned, and holy. 
I dare not preach to you or your wife; but to your children I quote these 
passages from the Vedas — 



"The four Vedas, sciences, languages, philosophy, and all other learnings are 



only ornamental. The real learning, the true knowledge is that which enables us 
to reach Him who is unchangeable in His love." 

"How real, how tangible, how visible is He through whom the skin touches, the 
eyes see, and the world gets its reality!" 

"Hearing Him nothing remains to be heard, 

Seeing Him nothing remains to be seen, 

Attaining Him nothing remains to be attained." 

"He is the eye of our eyes, the ear of our ears, the Soul of our souls." 

He is nearer to you, my dears, than even your father and mother. You are 
innocent and pure as flowers. Remain so, and He will reveal Himself unto you. 
Dear Austin, when you are playing, there is another playmate playing with you 
who loves you more than anybody else; and Oh, He is so full of fun. He is 
always playing — sometimes with great big balls which we call the sun and 
earth, sometimes with little children like you and laughing and playing with 
you. How funny it would be to see Him and play with Him! My dear, think of 
it. 

Dear Adhyapakji, I am moving about just now. Only when I come to Chicago, 

I always go to see Mr. and Mrs. Lyons, one of the noblest couples I have seen 
here. If you would be kind enough to write to me, kindly address it to the care 
of Mr. John B. Lyon, 262 Michigan Ave., Chicago. 

"He who gets hold of the One in this world of many — the one constant 
existence in a world of flitting shadows — the one life in a world of death — 
he alone crosses this sea of misery and struggle. None else, none else" (Vedas). 

"He who is the Brahman of the Vedantins, Ishvara of the Naiyayikas, Purusha 
of the Sankhyas, cause of the Mimamsakas, law of the Buddhists, absolute zero 
of the Atheists, and love infinite unto those that love, may [He] take us all 
under His merciful protection": Udayanacharya — a great philosopher of the 
Nyaya or Dualistic school. And this is the Benediction pronounced at the very 



beginning of his wonderful book Kusumanjali (A handful of flowers), in which 
he attempts to establish the existence of a personal creator and moral ruler of 
infinite love independently of revelation. 



Your ever grateful friend, 

VlVEKANANDA. 

» 



« 



Home / Complete- Works / Volume 7 / Epistles - Third Series / 



XI 



Dear Mrs. Tannatt Woods, 



Chicago, 
10th October, 1893. 



I received your letter yesterday. Just now I am lecturing about Chicago — and 
am doing as I think very well; it is ranging from 30 to 80 dollars a lecture, and 
just now I have been so well advertised in Chicago gratis by the Parliament of 
Religions that it is not advisable to give up this field now. To which I am sure 
you will agree. However I may come soon to Boston, but when I cannot say. 
Yesterday I returned from Streator where I got 87 dollars for a lecture. I have 
engagements every day this week. And hope more will come by the end of the 
week. My love to Mr. Woods and compliments to all our friends. 



Yours truly, 
VlVEKANANDA. 



» 



« 



Home / Complete- Works / Volume 7 / Epistles - Third Series / 



XII 



C/o J. Lyon, 
262 Michigan Avenue, Chicago, 

26th October, 1893. 

Dear ADHYAPAKJI (Prof. John Henry Wright), 

You would be glad to know that I am doing well here and that almost 
everybody has been very kind to me, except of course the very orthodox. Many 
of the men brought together here from far-off lands have got projects and ideas 
and missions to carry out, and America is the only place where there is a 
chance of success for everything. But I thought better and have given up 
speaking about my project entirely — because I am sure now — the heathen 
draws more than his project. So I want to go to work earnestly for my own 
project only keeping the project in the background and working like any other 
lecturer. 

He who has brought me hither and has not left me yet will not leave me ever I 
am here. You will be glad to know that I am doing well and expect to do very 
well in the way of getting money. Of course I am too green in the business but 
would soon learn my trade. I am very popular in Chicago. So I want to stay 
here a little more and get money. 

Tomorrow I am going to lecture on Buddhism at the ladies' fortnightly club — 
which is the most influential in this city. How to thank you my kind friend or 
Him who brought you to me; for now I think the success of my project 
probable, and it is you who have made it so. 

May blessings and happiness attend every step of your progress in this world. 
My love and blessings to your children. 



Yours affectionately ever, 



VlVEKANANDA. 



« 



Home / Complete- Works / Volume 7 / Epistles - Third Series / 



XIII 



Dear Mrs. Woods, 



541 Dearborn Avenue, Chicago, 

1 9 th Novembe r, 1893. 



Excuse my delay in answering your letter. I do not know when I will be able to 
see you again. I am starting tomorrow for Madison and Minneapolis. 

The English gentleman you speak of is Dr. Momerie of London. He is a well- 
known worker amongst the poor of London and is a very sweet man. You 
perhaps do not know that the English church was the only religious 
denomination in the world who did not send to us a representative, and Dr. 
Momerie came to the Parliament in spite of the Archbishop of Canterbury's 
denouncing of the Parliament of Religions. 

My love for you, my kind friend, and your noble son is all the same whether I 
write pretty often or not. 

Can you express my books and the cover-all to the care of Mr. Hale? I am in 
need of them. The express will be paid here. 

The blessings of the Lord on you and yours. 



Ever your friend, 
VlVEKANANDA. 

PS. If you have the occasion to write to Miss Sanborn and others of our friends 
in the east, kindly give them my deepest respects. 



Yours truly, 
VlVEKANANDA. 



» 



« 



Home / Complete- Works / Volume 7 / Epistles - Third Series / 



XIV 



Detroit, 
17th March, 1894. 

DEAR Sister (Miss Harriet McKindley of Chicago.), 

Got your package yesterday. Sorry that you send those stockings — I could 
have got some myself here. Glad that it shows your love. After all, the satchel 
has become more than a thoroughly stuffed sausage. I do not know how to 
carry it along. 

I have returned today to Mrs. Bagley's as she was sorry that I would remain so 
long with Mr. Palmer. Of course in Palmer's house there was real "good time". 
He is a real jovial heartwhole fellow, and likes "good time" a little too much 
and his "hot Scotch". But he is right along innocent and childlike in his 
simplicity. 

He was very sorry that I came away, but I could not help. Here is a beautiful 
young girl. I saw her twice, I do not remember her name. So brainy, so 
beautiful, so spiritual, so unworldly! Lord bless her! She came this morning 
with Mrs. M'cDuvel and talked so beautifully and deep and spiritually — that I 
was quite astounded. She knows everything about the Yogis and is herself 
much advanced in practice! ! 

"Thy ways are beyond searching out." Lord bless her — so innocent, holy, and 
pure! This is the grandest recompense in my terribly toilsome, miserable life — 
the finding of holy happy faces like you from time to time. The great Buddhist 
prayer is, "I bow down to all holy men on earth". I feel the real meaning of this 
prayer whenever I see a face upon which the finger of the Lord has written in 
unmistakable letters "mine". May you all be happy, blessed, good and pure as 
you are for ever and ever. May your feet never touch the mud and dirt of this 
terrible world. May you live and pass away like flowers as you are born — is 
the constant prayer of your brother. 



VlVEKANANDA. 



« 



Home / Complete- Works / Volume 7 / Epistles - Third Series / 



XV 



Dear Brother,* 



Detroit, 
29th March, 1894. 



Your letter just reached me here. I am in a hurry, so excuse a few points which 
I would take the liberty of correcting you in. 

In the first place, I have not one word to say against any religion or founder of 
religion in the world — whatever you may think of our religion. All religions 
are sacred to me. Secondly, it is a misstatement that I said that missionaries do 
not learn our vernaculars. I still stick to my statement that few, if any, of them 
pay any attention to Sanskrit; nor is it true that I said anything against any 
religious body — except that I do insist on my statement that India can never 
be converted to Christianity, and further I deny that the conditions of the lower 
classes are made any better by Christianity, and add that the majority of 
southern Indian Christians are not only Catholics, but what they call 
themselves, caste Christians, that is, they stick close to their castes, and I am 
thoroughly persuaded that if the Hindu society gives up its exclusive policy, 
ninety per cent of them would rush back to Hinduism with all its defects. 

Lastly, I thank you from the bottom of my heart for calling me your fellow- 
countryman. This is the first time any European foreigner, born in India though 
he be, has dared to call a detested native by that name — missionary or no 
missionary. Would you dare call me the same in India? Ask your missionaries, 
born in India, to do the same — and those not born, to treat them as fellow 
human beings. As to the rest, you yourself would call me a fool if I admit that 
my religion or society submits to be judged by strolling globe-trotters or story- 
writers' narratives. 

My brother — excuse me — what do you know of my society or religion, 
though born in India? It is absolutely impossible — the society is so closed; 
and over and above, everyone judges from his preconceived standard of race 



and religion, does he not? Lord bless you for calling me a fellow-countryman. 
There may still come a brotherly love and fellowship between the East and 
West. 



Yours fraternally, 
VlVEKANANDA. 



» 



« 



Home / Complete- Works / Volume 7 / Epistles - Third Series / 



XVI 



Dear PROFESSOR (Prof. John Henry Wright), 



New York, 
25th April, 1894. 



I am very very grateful for your invitation. And will come on May 7th. As for 
the bed — my friend, your love and noble heart can convert the stone into 
down. 



I am sorry I am not going to the authors' breakfast at Salem. 
I am coming home by May 7th. 



Yours truly, 
VlVEKANANDA. 



» 



« 



Home / Complete- Works / Volume 7 / Epistles - Third Series / 



XVII 



DEAR Sister (Miss Isabelle McKindley.), 



New York, 
26th April, 1894. 



Your letter reached me yesterday. You were perfectly right — I enjoyed the fun 
of the lunatic Interior, ( Chicago Interior , a Presbyterian newspaper which opposed 
Swamiji. — Ed.) but the mail you sent yesterday from India was really, as Mother 
Church says in her letter, a good news after a long interval. There is a beautiful 
letter from Dewanji. The old man — Lord bless him — offers as usual to help 
me. Then there was a little pamphlet published in Calcutta about me — 
revealing that once at least in my life the prophet has been honoured in his own 
country. There are extracts from American and Indian papers and magazines 
about me. The extracts printed from Calcutta papers were especially gratifying, 
although the strain is so fulsome that I refuse to send the pamphlet over to you. 
They call me illustrious, wonderful, and all sorts of nonsense, but they forward 
me the gratitude of the whole nation. Now I do not care what they even of my 
own people say about me — except for one thing. I have an old mother. She 
has suffered much all her life and in the midst of all she could bear to give me 
up for the service of God and man; but to have given up the most beloved of 
her children — her hope — to live a beastly immoral life in a far distant 
country, as Mazoomdar was telling in Calcutta, would have simply killed her. 
But the Lord is great, none can injure His children. 

The cat is out of the bag — without my seeking at all. And who do you think is 
the editor of one of our leading papers which praise me so much and thank God 
that I came to America to represent Hinduism? Mazoomdar's cousin! ! — Poor 
Mazoomdar — he has injured his cause by telling lies through jealousy. Lord 
knows I never attempted any defence. 

I read the article of Mr. Gandhi in the Forum before this. 



If you have got the Review of Reviews of last month — read to mother the 
testimony about the Hindus in connection with the opium question in India by 



one of the highest officials of the English in India. He compares the English 
with the Hindus and lauds the Hindu to the skies. Sir Lepel Griffin was one of 
the bitterest enemies of our race. What made this change of front? 

I had a very good time in Boston at Mrs. Breed's — and saw Prof. Wright. I am 
going to Boston again. The tailor is making my new gown. I am going to speak 
at Cambridge University [Harvard] and would be the guest of Prof. Wright 
there. They write grand welcomes to me in the Boston papers. 

I am tired of all this nonsense. Towards the latter part of May I will come back 
to Chicago, and after a few day's stay would come back to the East again. 

I spoke last night at the Waldorf hotel. Mrs. Smith sold tickets at $2 each. I had 
a full hall which by the way was a small one. I have not seen anything of the 
money yet. Hope to see in the course of the day. 

I made a hundred dollars at Lynn which I do not send because I have to make 
my new gown and other nonsense. 

Do not expect to make any money at Boston. Still I must touch the brain of 
America and stir it up if I can. 



Your loving brother, 
VlVEKANANDA. 



» 



« 



Home / Complete- Works / Volume 7 / Epistles - Third Series / 



XVIII 



New York, 
2nd [actually 1st] May, 1894. 

Dear Sister (Miss Isabelle McKindley.), 

I am afraid I cannot send you the pamphlet just now. But I got a little bit of a 
newspaper cutting from India yesterday which I send you up. After you have 
read it kindly send it over to Mrs. Bagley. The editor of this paper is a relative 
of Mr. Mazoomdar. I am now sorry for poor Mazoomdar! ! (The last two sentences 
were written crosswise on the left margin.) 

I could not find the exact orange colour of my coat here, so I have been obliged 
to satisfy myself with the next best — a cardinal red with more of yellow. 

The coat will be ready in a few days. 

Got about $70 the other day by lecturing at Waldorf. And hope to get some 
more by tomorrow's lecture. 

From 7th to 19th there are engagements in Boston, but they pay very little. 

Yesterday I bought a pipe for $13 — meerschaum do not tell it to father Pope. 
The coat will cost $30. 1 am all right getting food . . . and money enough. Hope 
very soon to put something in the bank after the coming lecture. 

. . . in the evening I am going to speak in a vegetarian dinner! Well, I am a 
vegetarian . . ., because I prefer it when I can get it. I have another invitation to 
lunch with Lyman Abbott day after tomorrow. After all, I am having very nice 
time and hope to have very nice time in Boston — only that nasty nasty 
lecturing — disgusting. However as soon as 19th is over — one leap from 
Boston ... to Chicago . . . and then I will have a long long breath and rest, rest 
for two three weeks. I will simply sit down and talk — talk and smoke. 



By the by, your New York people are very good — only more money than 



brains. 



I am going to speak to the students of the Harvard University. Three lectures at 
Boston, three at Harvard — all arranged by Mrs. Breed. They are arranging 
something here too, so that I will, on my way to Chicago, come to New York 
once more — give them a few hard raps and pocket the boodle and fly to 
Chicago. 

If you want anything from New York or Boston which cannot be had at 
Chicago — write sharp. I have plenty of dollars now. I will send you over 
anything you want in a minute. Don't think it would be indelicate anyway — no 
humbug about me. If I am a brother so I am. I hate only one thing in the world 
— hypocrisy. 



Your affectionate brother, 
VlVEKANANDA. 



» 



« 



Home / Complete- Works / Volume 7 / Epistles - Third Series / 



XIX 



Dear ADHYAPAKJI (Prof. John Henry Wright), 



New York, 
4th May, 1894. 



I have received your kind note just now. And it is unnecessary for me to say 
that I will be very happy to do as you say. 

I have also received Col. Higginson's letter. I will reply to him. 

I will be in Boston on Sunday [May 6]. On Monday I lecture at the Women's 
Club of Mrs. Howe. 



Yours ever truly, 
VlVEKANANDA. 



» 



« 



Home / Complete- Works / Volume 7 / Epistles - Third Series / 



XX 



Dear ADHYAPAKJI (Prof. John Henry Wright), 



17 Beacon Street, Boston, 

May, 1894. 



By this time you have got the pamphlet and the letters. If you like, I would send 
you over from Chicago some letters from Indian Princes and ministers — one 
of these ministers was one of the Commissioners of the late opium commission 
that sat under Royal Commission in India. If you like, I will have them write to 
you to convince you of my not being a cheat. But, my brother, our ideal of life 
is to hide, to suppress, and to deny. 

We are to give up and not to take. Had I not the "Fad" in my head, I would 
never have come over here. And it was with a hope that it would help my cause 
that I joined the Parliament of Religions — having always refused it when our 
people wanted to send me for it. I came over telling them — "that I may or may 
not join that assembly — and you may send me over if you like". They sent me 
over leaving me quite free. 

You did the rest. 



I am morally bound to afford you every satisfaction, my kind friend; but for the 
rest of the world I do not care what they say — the Sannyasin must not have 
self-defence. So I beg of you not to publish or show anybody anything in that 
pamphlet or the letters. I do not care for the attempts of the old missionary; but 
the fever of jealousy which attacked Mazoomdar gave me a terrible shock, and 
I pray that he would know better — for he is a great and good man who has 
tried all his life to do good. But this proves one of my Master's sayings, "Living 
in a room covered with black soot — however careful you may be — some 
spots must stick to your clothes." So, however one may try to be good and 
holy, so long he is in the world, some part of his nature must gravitate 
downwards. 



The way to God is the opposite to that of the world. And to few, very few, are 



given to have God and mammon at the same time. 

I was never a missionary , nor ever would be one — my place is in the 
Himalayas. I have satisfied myself so far that I can with a full conscience say, 
"My God, I saw terrible misery amongst my brethren; I searched and 
discovered the way out of it, tried my best to apply the remedy, but failed. So 
Thy will be done." 

May his blessings be on you and yours for ever and ever. 



Yours affectionately, 
VlVEKANANDA. 



541 Dearborn Ave., Chicago 
I go to Chicago tomorrow or day after. 



Yours 

V. 



» 



« 



Home / Complete- Works / Volume 7 / Epistles - Third Series / 



XXI 



541 Dearborn Ave., 
Chicago, 
24th May, 1894. 

Dear ADHYAPAKJI (Prof. John Henry Wright), 

Herewith I forward to you a letter from one of our ruling princes of Rajputana, 
His Highness the Maharaja of Khetri, and another from the opium 
commissioner, late minister of Junagad, one of the largest states in India, and a 
man who is called the Gladstone of India. These I hope would convince you of 
my being no fraud. 

One thing I forgot to tell you. I never identified myself anyway with Mr. 
Mazoomdar's party chief. (Evidently, Keshab Chandra Sen.) If he says so, he does 
not speak the truth. 

I hope, after your perusal, you will kindly send the letters over to me, except 
the pamphlet which I do not care for. 

I am bound, my dear friend, to give you every satisfaction of my being a 
genuine Sannyasin, but to you alone. I do not care what the rabbles say or think 
about me. 

"Some would call you a saint, some a chandala ; some a lunatic, others a 
demon. Go on then straight to thy work without heeding either" — thus saith 
one of our great Sannyasins, an old emperor of India, King Bhartrihari, who 
joined the order in old times. 

May the Lord bless you for ever and ever. My love to all your children and my 
respects to your noble wife. 



I remain ever your friend, 



VlVEKANANDA. 



PS. — I had connection with Pundit Shiva Nath Shastri's party — but only on 
points of social reform. Mazoomdar and Chandra Sen — I always considered 
as not sincere, and I have no reason to change my opinion even now. Of course 
in religious matters even with my friend Punditji I differed much, the chief 
being, I thinking Sannyasa or (giving up the world) the highest ideal, and he, a 
sin. So the Brahmo Samajists consider becoming a monk a sin! ! 



Yours, 

V. 

The Brahmo Samaj, like Christian Science in your country, spread in Calcutta 
for a certain time and then died out. I am not sorry, neither glad that it died. It 
has done its work — viz social reform. Its religion was not worth a cent, and so 
it must die out. If Mazoomdar thinks I was one of the causes of its death, he 
errs. I am even now a great sympathiser of its reforms; but the "booby" religion 
could not hold its own against the old "Vedanta". What shall I do? Is that my 
fault? Mazoomdar has become childish in his old age and takes to tactics not a 
whit better than some of your Christian missionaries. Lord bless him and show 
him better ways. 



Yours, 

VlVEKANANDA. 

When are you going to Annisquam? My love to Austin and Bime. My respects 
to your wife; and for you my love and gratitude is too deep for expression. 

Yours ever affectionately, 
VlVEKANANDA. 



» 



« 



Home / Complete- Works / Volume 7 / Epistles - Third Series / 



XXII 



541 Dearborn Avenue, 
18th June, 1894. 



Dear ADHYAPAKJI (Prof. John Henry Wright), 

Excuse my delay in sending the other letters; I could not find them earlier. I am 
going to New York in a week. 

I do not know whether I will come to Annisquam or not. The letters need not 
be sent over to me until I write you again. Mrs. Bagley seems to be unsettled by 
that article in the Boston paper against me.* She sent me over a copy from 
Detroit and has ceased correspondence with me. Lord bless her. She has been 
very kind to me. 

Stout hearts like yours are not common, my brother. This is a queer place — 
this world of ours. On the whole I am very very thankful to the Lord for the 
amount of kindness I have received at the hands of the people of this country 
— I, a complete stranger here without even "credentials". Everything works for 
the best. 



Yours ever in gratitude, 
VlVEKANANDA. 



PS. The East India stamps are for your children if they like. 



» 



Home / Complete- Works / Volume 7 / Epistles - Third Series / 

« 

XXIII 

{Translated from Bengali) 



U.S.A. 

5th September, 1894. 

Dear Mr. BHATTACHARYA (Mr. Manmatha Nath Bhattacharya), 

I was much pleased to read your affectionate letter. I shall make inquiries about 
the weaving machine as soon as I can, and let you know. Now I am resting at 
Annisquam, a village on the seacoast; soon I shall go to the city and attend to 
the matter of the machine. These seaside places are filled with people during 
the summer; some come to bathe in the sea, some to take rest, and some to 
catch husbands. 

There is a strong sense of decorum in this country. 

You have to keep yourself always covered from neck to foot in the presence of 
women. You cannot so much as mention the normal functions of the body: 
nobody knows when anyone goes to the toilet — one has to live so 
circumspectly. In this country, you can blow your nose a thousand times into 
your handkerchief — there is no harm in that; but it is highly uncivilised to 
belch. Women sometimes are not embarrassed to expose their bodies above the 
waist — you must have seen the kind of low-cut gown they wear — but they 
say that to go bare-foot is as bad as being naked. Just as we always dwell on the 
soul, so they take care of the body, and there is no end to the cleaning and 
embellishing of it. One who fails to do this has no place in society. 

Our method of cooking with cow-dung fuel and eating on the floor they 
consider eating like pigs: they say that the Hindus have no sense of disgust and 
that, like pigs, they eat cow-dung. The word "cow-dung" is taboo in English. 

On the other hand, numbers of people will drink water with the same glass 
without thinking of washing it, and they rarely observe the rule that things must 
be washed before cooking. But should the clothes of the cook be a little soiled, 
they will throw her out. The table-ware is all spick and span. They are the 
richest people on earth; their enjoyments and luxuries beggar description. 



In Rajputana they imitate the Mohammedans in their mode of dining, which is, 
on the whole, good. They sit on a low seat and place their plate of rice on a low 
table. This is much better than spreading a banana leaf on the earthen floor 
plastered with cow-dung and filth. And how disastrous if the leaf gets torn! The 
Hindus did not know much about clothes or food. Moreover, whatever Hindu 
civilisation there was existed in the Punjab and the north-west provinces. . . . 

Our women lose caste if they put on shoes, but the Rajput women lose their 
caste if they don't put on shoes! Says Manu: "One shall always wear shoes". 
There is no denying that people should have a decent enough standard of 
living. I say they should be neat and clean even though not luxurious. ... I say, 
why do we have to be Englishmen? It is enough for the present if we imitate 
our brothers of the western provinces. If group after group of Indians travel all 
over the world and back for some years, the face of India will be changed 
within twenty years by that alone; nothing else need be done. But how will 
anything happen if the people of one village do not visit the next? However, 
everything will take place by and by. By and by, the stubborn Bengali boys will 
awaken the country. But Manmatha Babu, you will have to stop this shameful 
business of marrying off nine-year-old girls. That is the root of all sins. It is a 
very great sin, my boy. Consider further what a terrible thing it was that when 
the government wanted to pass a law stopping early marriage, our worthless 
people raised a tremendous howl! If we don't stop it ourselves, the government 
will naturally intervene, and that is just what it wants to do. All the world cries 
fie upon us. You remain shut up in your homes, but the people outside spit 
upon you. How far can I quarrel with them? What a horror — even a father and 
mother allow their ten-year-old daughter to be given in marriage to a full- 
grown fat husband! O Lord, is there any punishment unless there has been a 
sin? It is all the fruit of Karma. If ours were not a terribly sinful nation, then 
why should it have been booted and beaten for seven hundred years? 

Now, just as in our country the parents suffer a lot to have their daughter 
married, here in the same way the girls suffer — the parents only a little — it is 
the job of the girls to capture husbands. I am now closely associated with them 
in all their affairs; I am, as it were, a woman amongst women. Therefore, I 
have seen, and am seeing, all their play. To give dinners, to dance, to go to 



musical parties, go to the watering places — all that is all right. But all the 
while the young women are scheming within themselves how to capture 
husbands. They hang round the boys. The boys, on the other hand, are so 
cautious that, though they mingle with the girls and flirt with them all the time, 
when it is time to surrender they run away. The boys place the girls above 
themselves; they show them respect and slave for them; but the moment the 
girls stretch their hands to catch them, they run away beyond their reach. After 
many efforts of this kind, a girl succeeds in capturing a boy. If the girl has 
money, then many a boy dances attendance upon her, but the poor have great 
difficulty. If a poor girl is exceedingly beautiful, she can marry quickly; 
otherwise, she has to wait all her life. Just as in our country, so here, one 
marriage in a thousand takes place through love and courtship; the rest are 
based on money. After that, quarrel, and then, 'Get out!' — divorce. We do not 
have this; the only way out is to hang oneself. It is the same in all countries. 
Only, here the girls take matters into their own hands; and in our country, we 
get the help of the parents to give their married life a decent appearance. The 
result is the same in either case. 

Nowadays, however, American girls don't want to marry. During the Civil War 
a large number of men were killed and women began to do all kinds of work. 
Since then, they have not wanted to give up the rights they have acquired. They 
earn their own living, and therefore they say, "There is no use in marrying. If 
we truly fall in love, then we shall marry; otherwise, we shall earn and meet 
our own expenses". Even if the father is a millionaire, the son has to earn 
enough before he marries. One may not marry depending on an allowance from 
the father. The girls also want the same thing now. When a son marries he 
becomes like a stranger to his own family, but when a girl marries she brings 
her husband, as it were, into her parents' home. Men will visit their wives' 
parents ten times, but rarely go to their own parents. Yet they are very much 
afraid of having their mothers-in-law on their neck. 

In this country, there are rivers of wealth and waves of beauty, and an 
abundance of knowledge everywhere. The country is very healthy; they know 
how to enjoy this earth. . . . When princes of Europe become poor they come to 
marry here. The average American doesn't like this; but some rich, beautiful 
women fall for the titles. Yet it is very difficult for American women to live in 



Europe. The husbands of this country are slaves of their wives; but the 
European wives are slaves to their husbands — this the American women don't 
like. In everything, the men here have to say, 'Yes dear'; otherwise the wives 
lose face before people. 

The women in America are very sentimental and have a mania for romance. I 
am, however, a strange sort of animal who hasn't any romantic feeling, and 
therefore they could not sustain any such feeling toward me and they show me 
great respect. I make all of them call me "father" or "brother". I don't allow 
them to come near me with any other feeling, and gradually they have all been 
straightened out. . . . 

The ministers in this country . . . are eager to throw sinners into hell. A few of 
them are very good, however. ... I have a great reputation among the women 
in this country. I have not as yet seen a single unchaste girl among the 
unmarried. It is either a widow or a married woman who turn unchaste. The 
unmarried girls are exceedingly good, because their future is bright. . . . 

Those emaciated Western women, looking like old dried-up fruit, whom you 
see in India, are English, and the English are an ugly race amongst the 
Europeans. In America, the best blood strains of Europe have been blended, 
and therefore, the American women are very beautiful. And how they take care 
of their beauty! Can a woman retain her beauty if she gives birth to children . . . 
every hour from her tenth year on? Damn nonsense! What a terrible sin! Even 
the most beautiful woman of our country will look like a black owl here. Yet it 
must be admitted that the women of the Punjab have very well-drawn features. 
Many of the American women are very well educated and put many a learned 
professor to shame; nor do they care for anyone's opinion. And as regards their 
virtues: what kindness, what noble thought and action! Just think, if a man of 
this country were to visit India, nobody would even touch him; yet here I am 
allowed to do as I please in the houses of the best families — like their own 
son! I am like a child; their women shop for me, run errands for me. For 
example: I have just written to a girl for information about the machine, which 
she will gather carefully and send to me. Again, a phonograph was sent to the 
Maharaj of Khetri: the girls managed the whole affair very well. Lord! Lord! It 
is the difference between heaven and hell! "They are the goddess Lakshmi in 



beauty and the goddess Saras wati in talents and accomplishments." This cannot 
be achieved through the study of books. I say, can you send out some men and 
women to see the world? Only then will the country wake up — not through 
the reading of books. The men here are very clever in earning wealth. Where 
others do not see even dust, there they see gold. Whoever will leave India and 
visit another country will earn great merit. 

Keeping aloof from the community of nations is the only cause for the 
downfall of India. Since the English came, they have been forcing you back 
into communion with other nations, and you are visibly rising again. Everyone 
that comes out of the country confers a benefit on the whole nation; for it is by 
doing that alone that your horizon will expand. And as women cannot avail 
themselves of this advantage, they have made almost no progress in India. 
There is no station of rest; either you progress upwards or you go back and die 
out. The only sign of life is going outward and forward and expansion. 
Contraction is death. Why should you do good to others? Because that is the 
only condition of life; thereby you expand beyond your little self; you live and 
grow. All narrowness, all contraction, all selfishness is simply slow suicide, 
and when a nation commits the fatal mistake of contracting itself and of thus 
cutting off all expansion and life, it must die. Women similarly must go 
forward or become idiots and soulless tools in the hands of their tyrannical 
lords. The children are the result of the combination of the tyrant and the idiot, 
and they are slaves. And this is the whole history of modern India. Oh, who 
would break this horrible crystallisation of death? Lord help us! (This paragraph 
was written in English.) 

Gradually all this will come about: "One should cross a road slowly and 
cautiously; one should patch a quilt carefully and cautiously; so should one be 
slow and cautious in crossing a mountain". 

The papers have arrived duly and in good shape; there has not been any 
difficulty about that. The enemy has been silenced. Consider this: They have 
allowed me, an unknown young man, to live among their grown-up young 
daughters, and when my own countryman, Mazoomdar, says I am a rogue, they 
don't pay any attention! How noble they are, and how kind! I shall not be able 
to repay this debt even in a hundred lives, I am like a foster son to the 



American women; they are really my mother. If they don't flourish in every 
way, who would? 

A while back several hundred intellectual men and women were gathered in a 
place called Greenacre, and I was there for nearly two months. Every day I 
would sit in our Hindu fashion under a tree, and my followers and disciples 
would sit on the grass all around me. Every morning I would instruct them, and 
how earnest they were! 

The whole country now knows me. The ministers are very angry; but, 
naturally, not all of them. There are many followers of mine amongst the 
learned ministers of this country. The ignorant and the stubborn amongst them 
don't understand anything but only make trouble, and thereby they only hurt 
themselves. But abusing me, Mazoomdar has lost three-fourths of what little 
popularity he had in this country. I have been adopted by them. When anyone 
abuses me he is condemned everywhere by the women. 

I cannot say when I shall return to India, possibly next winter. There I shall 
have to wander, and here also I do the same. 

There is nothing more to add. Please don't make this letter public. You 
understand, I have to be careful about every word I say — I am now a public 
man. Everybody is watching, particularly the clergy. 



Yours faithfully, 
VlVEKANANDA. 



» 



Home / Complete- Works / Volume 7 / Epistles - Third Series / 

« 

XXIV 

{Translated from Bengali) 



U.S.A. 
{November ?) 1894. 



Dear Kali [Abhedananda], 



Thanks for all that I come to know from your letter. I had no news of the 
telegram in question having appeared in the Tribune. It is six months since I 
left Chicago, and I have not been yet free to return. So I could not keep myself 
well posted. You have taken great pains indeed! And for this how can I thank 
you adequately? You have all evinced a wonderful capacity for work. And how 
can Shri Ramakrishna's words prove false? — You have got wonderful spirit in 
you. About Shashi Sanyal, I have already written. Nothing remains undetected, 
through the grace of Shri Ramakrishna. But let him found a sect or whatever he 
will, what harm? " | | — May blessings attend your path!" 

Secondly, I could not catch the drift of your letter. I shall collect my own funds 
to build a monastery for ourselves, and if people criticise me for it, I see 
nothing in this to affect us either way. You have your minds pitched high and 
steady, it will do you no harm. May you have exceeding love for one another 
among yourselves, and it would be enough to have an attitude of indifference 
towards public criticisms. Kalikrishna Babu has deep love for the cause and is a 
great man. Please convey my special love to him. So long as there is no feeling 
of disunion amongst you, through the grace of the Lord, I assure you, there is 



no danger for you, T '<ut ^ — be it in battle, in the forest, or on the 

top of mountains". — All noble undertakings are fraught with 

obstacles". It is quite in the nature of things. Keep up the deepest mental poise. 
Take not even the slightest notice of what puerile creatures may be saying 
against you. Indifference, indifference, indifference! I have already written to 
Shashi (Ramakrishnananda) in detail. Please do not send newspapers and tracts 
any more. "Take the husking hammer to heaven, and there it will do its 
husking", as the Bengali saying goes. The same trudging about here as it was in 
India, only with the carrying of others' loads added! How can I procure 
customers for people's books in this land? I am only one amongst the many 




here and nothing more. Whatever the papers and things of that sort in this 
country write about me, I make an offering of to the Fire-God. You also do the 
same. That is the proper course. 

A bit of public demonstration was necessary for Guru Maharaja's work. It is 
done, and so far so good. Now you must on no account pay any heed to what 
the rabble may be prattling about us. Whether I make my pile or do whatever 
else I am reported to, shall the opinions of the riff-raff stand in the way of His 
work? My dear brother, you are yet a boy, while I am growing grey. What 
regard I have for the pronouncements and opinions of such people, you should 
guess from this. So long as you gird up your loins and rally behind me, there is 
no fear even if the whole world combine against us. This much I understand 
that I shall have to take up a very lofty attitude, I should not, I think, write to 
anyone except to you. By the by, where is Gunanidhi? Try to find him out and 
bring him to the Math with all kindness. He is a very sincere man and highly 
learned. You must try your best to secure two plots of land, let people say what 
they will. Let anyone write anything for or against me in the papers; you 
shouldn't take the slightest notice. And my dear brother, I beseech you 
repeatedly not to send me any more newspapers by the basketful. How can you 
talk of rest now? We shall have rest awhile only when we give up this body. 
Just do once get up the celebration, brother, in that spirit, so that all the country 
around may burn with enthusiasm. Bravo! Capital indeed! The whole band of 
scoffers will be swept away by the tidal wave of love. You are elephants, 
forsooth, what do you fear from an ant-bite? 

The address (The Address presented by the citizens of Calcutta who gathered at a meeting at 
the Town Hall on September 5, 1894, under the Presidentship of Raja Pyari Mohan 
Mookherjee.) you sent me reached me long ago and the reply to it has also been 
despatched to Pyari Babu (18 Nov. 1894). 

Bear in mind — the eyes are two in number and so the ears, but the mouth is 
but one! Indifference, indifference, indifference! "q ft ch^|U|$^|j^j(|5 -did 
— The doer of good deeds never comes to grief, my dear". Ah! To fear! and 
whom are we going to fear, brother? Here the missionaries and their ilk have 
howled themselves into silence — and the whole world will but do likewise. 




prft: mfeSri T\^ 
aPiq 31 mmi4 vThi^fr qr 
RM?W: q?. q ^W: II 



— Whether people skilled in policy praise or blame, whether the Goddess of 
Fortune favours or goes her way, whether death befalls today or after hundreds 
of years — persons of steady mind never swerve from the path of 
righteousness" (Bhartrihari, Nitishatako ) 

You need not even mix with the humdrub people, nor beg of them either. The 
Lord is supplying everything and will do so in future. What fear, my brother? 
All great undertakings are achieved through mighty obstacles. 



t %, ^ 5HT; 'eHW^cfrMI: 



— You valiant one, put forth your manly efforts; wretched people under the 
grip of lust and gold deserve to be looked upon with indifference. Now I have 
got a firm footing in this country, and therefore need no assistance. But my one 
prayer to you all is that you should apply to the service of the Lord that active 
impulse of manliness which your eagerness to help me through brotherly love 
has brought out in you. Do not open out your mind, unless you feel it will be 
positively beneficial. Use agreeable and wholesome language towards even the 
greatest enemy. The desire for fame, for riches, for enjoyment is quite natural 
to every mortal, dear brother, and if that agrees well with serving both ways 
(i.e. serving both God and mammon), why, all men would exhibit great zeal! It 
is only the great saint who can work, making a mountain of an atom of virtue in 
others and cherishing no desire but that of the good of the world — 

" etc., (Bhartrihari, Nitishataka , 70). 

Therefore let dullards whose intellect is steeped in ignorance and who look 
upon the non-Self as all in all, play out their boyish pranks. They will of 
themselves leave off the moment they find it too hot. Let them try to spit upon 
the moon — it will but recoil upon themselves, yp) — Godspeed to 

them! If they have got anything substantial in them, who can bar their success? 
But if it be only empty swagger due to jealousy, then all will be in vain. 



Haramohan has sent rosaries. All right. But you should know that religion of 
the type that obtains in our country does not go here. You must suit it to the 
taste of the people. If you ask them to become Hindus, they will all give you a 
wide berth and hate you, as we do the Christian missionaries. They like some 
of the ideas of the Hindu scriptures — that is all. Nothing more than that, you 
should know. The men, most of them, do not trouble about religion and all that. 
The women are a little interested — that is all, but no large doses of it! A few 
thousands of people have faith in the Advaita doctrine. But they will give you 
the go-by if you talk obscure mannerisms about sacred writings, caste, or 
women. Everything proceeds slowly, by degrees. Patience, purity, 
perseverance. 



Yours etc., 
VlVEKANANDA. 



» 



Home / Complete- Works / Volume 7 / Epistles - Third Series / 

« 

XXV 

{Translated from Bengali) 



Dear Brother Shivananda, 



U. S.A., 

1894 . 



Your letter just reached me. Perhaps by this time you have received my other 
letters and learnt that it is not necessary to send anything to America any more. 
Too much of everything is bad. This newspaper booming has given me 
popularity no doubt, but its effect is more in India than here. Here, on the other 
hand, constant booming creates a distaste in the minds of the higher class 
people; so enough. Now try to organise yourselves in India on the lines of these 
meetings. You need not send anything more in this country. As to money, I 
have determined first to build some place for Mother, (Holy Mother, Shri Sarada 
Devi.) for women require it first. ... I can send nearly Rs. 7,000 for a place for 
Mother. If the place is first secured, then I do not care for anything else. I hope 
to be able to get Rs. 1,600 a year from this country even when I am gone. That 
sum I will make over to the support of the Women's place, and then it will 
grow. I have written to you already to secure a place. . . . 

I would have, before this, returned to India, but India has no money. Thousands 
honour Ramakrishna Paramahamsa, but nobody will give a cent — that is 
India. ... In the meanwhile live in harmony at any price. The world cares little 
for principles. They care for persons. They will hear with patience the words of 
a man they like, however nonsense, and will not listen to anyone they do not 
like. Think of this and modify your conduct accordingly. Everything will come 
all right. Be the servant if you will rule. That is the real secret. Your love will 
tell even if your words be harsh. Instinctively men feel the love clothed in 
whatever language. (These two paragraphs and the last half of the fourth were written in 
English.) 

My dear brother, that Ramakrishna Paramahamsa was God incarnate, I have 
not the least doubt; but then you must let people find out for themselves what 
he used to teach — you cannot thrust these things upon them — this is my only 



objection. 



Let people speak out their own opinions, why should we object? Without 
studying Ramakrishna Paramahamsa first, one can never understand the real 
import of the Vedas, the Vedanta, of the Bhagavata and the other Puranas. His 
life is a searchlight of infinite power thrown upon the whole mass of Indian 
religious thought. He was the living commentary to the Vedas and to their aim. 
He had lived in one life the whole cycle of the national religious existence in 
India. 

Whether Bhagavan Shri Krishna was born at all we are not sure; and Avataras 
like Buddha and Chaitanya are monotonous; Ramakrishna Paramahamsa is the 
latest and the most perfect — the concentrated embodiment of knowledge, 
love, renunciation, catholicity, and the desire to serve mankind. So where is 
anyone to compare with him? He must have been born in vain who cannot 
appreciate him! My supreme good fortune is that I am his servant through life 
after life. A single word of his is to me far weightier than the Vedas and the 
Vedanta. M — Oh, I am the servant of the servants of his 

servants. But narrow bigotry militates against his principles, and this makes me 
cross. Rather let his name be drowned in oblivion, and his teachings bear fruit 
instead! Why, was he a slave to fame? Certain fishermen and illiterate people 
called Jesus Christ a God, but the literate people killed him. Buddha was 
honoured in his lifetime by a number of merchants and cowherds. But 
Ramakrishna has been worshipped in his lifetime — towards the end of this 
nineteenth century — by the demons and giants of the university as God 
incarnate. . . . Only a few things have been jotted down in the books about them 
(Krishna, Buddha, Christ, etc.). "One must be a wonderful housekeeper with 
whom we have never yet lived!" so the Bengali proverb goes. But here is a man 
in whose company we have been day and night and yet consider him to be a far 
greater personality than any of them. Can you understand this phenomenon? 

You have not yet understood the wonderful significance of Mother's life — 
none of you. But gradually you will know. Without Shakti (Power) there is no 
regeneration for the world. Why is it that our country is the weakest and the 
most backward of all countries? — Because Shakti is held in dishonour there. 
Mother has been born to revive that wonderful Shakti in India; and making her 



the nucleus, once more will Gargis and Maitreyis be born into the world. Dear 
brother, you understand little now, but by degrees you will come to know it all. 
Hence it is her Math that I want first. . . . Without the grace of Shakti nothing is 
to be accomplished. What do I find in America and Europe? — the worship of 
Shakti, the worship of Power. Yet they worship Her ignorantly through sense- 
gratification. Imagine, then, what a lot of good they will achieve who will 
worship Her with all purity, in a Sattvika spirit, looking upon Her as their 
mother! I am coming to understand things clearer every day, my insight is 
opening out more and more. Hence we must first build a Math for Mother. First 
Mother and Mother's daughters, then Father and Father's sons — can you 
understand this? ... To me, Mother's grace is a hundred thousand times more 
valuable than Father's. Mother's grace, Mother's blessings are all paramount to 
me. . . . Please pardon me. I am a little bigoted there, as regards Mother. If but 
Mother orders, her demons can work anything. Brother, before proceeding to 
America I wrote to Mother to bless me. Her blessings came, and at one bound I 
cleared the ocean. There, you see. In this terrible winter I am lecturing from 
place to place and fighting against odds, so that funds may be collected for 
Mother's Math. Baburam's mother must have lost her sense owing to old age 
and that is why she is about to worship Durga in the earthen image, ignoring 
the living one. (Viz. Holy Mother Shri Sarada Devi.) Brother, faith is very difficult to 
achieve. Brother, I shall show how to worship the living Durga and then only 
shall I be worthy of my name. I shall be relieved when you will have purchased 
a plot of land and established there the living Durga, the Mother. Till then I am 
not returning to my native land. As soon as you can do that, I shall have a sigh 
of relief after sending the money. Do you accomplish this festival of Durga of 
mine by making all the necessary arrangements. Girish Ghosh is adoring the 
Mother splendidly; blessed is he, and blessed are his followers. Brother, often 
enough, when I am reminded of the Mother, I ejaculate, "What after all is 
Rama?" Brother, that is where my fanaticism lies, I tell you. Of Ramakrishna, 
you may aver, my brother, that he was an Incarnation or whatever else you may 
like but fie on him who has no devotion for the Mother. Niranjan has a militant 
disposition, but he has great devotion for Mother and all his vagaries I can 
easily put up with. He is now doing the most marvellous work. I am keeping 
myself well posted. And you too have done excellently in co-operating with the 
Madrasis. Dear brother, I expect much from you, you should organise all for 
conjoint work. As soon as you have secured the land for Mother, I go to India 



straight. It must be a big plot; let there be a mud-house to begin with, in due 
course I shall erect a decent building, don't be afraid. 

The chief cause of malaria lies in water. Why do you not construct two or three 
filters? If you first boil the water and then filter it, it will be harmless. . . . 

Please buy two big Pasteur's bacteria-proof filters. Let the cooking be done in 
that water and use it for drinking purposes also, and you will never hear of 
malaria any more. ... On and on, work, work, work, this is only the beginning. 

Yours ever, 
VlVEKANANDA. 



» 



Home / Complete- Works / Volume 7 / Epistles - Third Series / 

« 

XXVI 

{Translated from Bengali) 

Salutation to Bhagavan Ramakrishna ! 



DEAR And Beloved (Swami Brahmananda.), 



1894 . 



. . . Well, do you think there is any religion left in India! The paths of 
knowledge, devotion, and Yoga — all have gone, and now there remains only 
that of Don't touchism — "Don't touch me! Don't touch me!" The whole world 
is impure, and I alone am pure. Lucid Brahmajnana! Bravo! Great God! 
Nowadays Brahman is neither in the recesses of the heart, nor in the highest 
heaven, nor in all beings — now He is in the cooking-pot. Formerly the 
characteristic of a noble-minded man was ^upRT: — Pleasing 

the whole universe by one's numerous acts of service" but now it is — I am 
pure and the whole world is impure — go and get money and set it at my feet. . 
. . Tell the sapient sage who writes to me to finish my preaching work here and 
return home, . . . that this country is more my home. What is there in 
Hindusthan? Who appreciates religion? Who appreciates learning? 

To return home! Where is the home! I do not care for liberation, or for 
devotion, I would rather go to a hundred thousand hells, — 

Doing good to others (silently) like the spring" — this is my religion. I do not 
want to have any connection with lazy, hard-hearted, cruel and selfish men. He 
whose good fortune it is, may help in this great cause. 

. . . Please convey to all my love, I want the help of everyone. Neither money 
pays, nor name, nor fame, nor learning; it is character that can cleave through 
adamantine walls of difficulties. Bear this in mind. . . . 



Ever yours in love, 
VlVEKANANDA. 



» 



« 



Home / Complete- Works / Volume 7 / Epistles - Third Series / 



XXVII 



Dear Alasinga, 



1895 . 



We have no organisation, nor want to build any. Each one is quite independent 
to teach, quite free to preach whatever he or she likes. 

If you have the spirit within, you will never fail to attract others. Theosophists' 
method can never be ours, for the very simple reason that they are an organised 
sect, we are not. 



Individuality is my motto. I have no ambition beyond training individuals up. I 
know very little; that little I teach without reserve; where I am ignorant, I 
confess it as such, and never am I so glad as when I find people being helped 
by Theosophists, Christians, Mohammedans, or anybody in the world. I am a 
Sannyasin; as such I consider myself as a servant, not as a master in the world. 

. . . If people love me, they are welcome, if they hate, they are also welcome. 

Each one will have to save himself, each one to do his own work. I seek no 
help, I reject none. Nor have I any right in the world to be helped. Whosoever 
has helped me or will help, it will be their mercy to me, not my right, and as 
such I am eternally grateful. 

When I became a Sannyasin, I consciously took the step, knowing that this 
body would have to die of starvation. What of that, I am a beggar. My friends 
are poor, I love the poor, I welcome poverty. I am glad that I sometimes have 
to starve. I ask help of none. What is the use? Truth will preach itself, it will 
not die for the want of the helping hands of me! "Making happiness and misery 
the same, making success and failure the same, fight thou on" (Gita). It is that 
eternal love, unruffled equanimity under all circumstances, and perfect freedom 
from jealousy or animosity that will tell. That will tell, nothing else. 



Yours, 



VlVEKANANDA. 



» 



« 



Home / Complete- Works / Volume 7 / Epistles - Third Series / 



XXVIII 



Dear Brother (to Dr. i. Janes.), 



54 W. 33 New York, 
25th April, 1895. 



I was away in the Catskill mountains and it was almost impossible to get a 
letter regularly posted from where I was — so accept my apology for the delay 
in offering you my most heartfelt thanks for your letter in the "Eagle". 

It was so scholarly, truthful and noble and withal so permeated with your 
natural universal love for the good and true everywhere. It is a great work to 
bring this world into a spirit of sympathy with each other but it should be done 
no doubt when such brave souls as you still hold your own. Lord help you ever 
and ever my brother and may you live long to carry on the mighty work you 
and your society has undertaken. 

With my gratitude and love to you and to the members of the Ethical Society. 

I remain Yours ever truly, 



VlVEKANANDA. 



» 



« 



Home / Complete- Works / Volume 7 / Epistles - Third Series / 



XXIX 



Dear , 



54 W. 33 NEW YORK, 
May, 1895. 



Since writing to you my pupils have come round me with help, and the classes 
will go on nicely now no doubt. 

I was so glad at it because teaching has become a part of my life, as necessary 
to my life as eating or breathing. 



Yours, 

VlVEKANANDA. 

PS. I saw a lot of things about in an English paper, the Borderland. is 

doing good work in India, making the Hindus, very much to appreciate their 

own religion. ... I do not find any scholarship in 's writing, . . . nor do I find 

any spirituality whatever. However Godspeed to anyone who wants to do good 
to the world. 

How easily this world can be duped by humbugs and what a mass of fraud has 
gathered over the devoted head of poor humanity since the dawn of civilisation. 

» 



« 


Home / Complete- Works / Volume 7 / Epistles - Third Series / 

XXX 

{Translated from Bengali) 


Beloved Rakhal, 


19 West 38 th Street, 
New York, August, 1895. 



. . . I am now in New York City. The city is hot in summer, exactly like 
Calcutta. You perspire profusely, and there is not a breath of air. I made a tour 
in the north for a couple of months. Please answer this letter by return of post 
to England, for which I shall start before this will have reached you. 

Yours affectionately, 
VlVEKANANDA. 



» 



« 



Home / Complete- Works / Volume 7 / Epistles - Third Series / 



XXXI 



Dear Alasinga, 



U.S.A. 
March, 1896. 



Last week I wrote you about the Brahmavadin. I forgot to write about the 
Bhakti lectures. They ought to be published in a book all together. A few 
hundreds may be sent to America to Goodyear in New York. Within twenty 
days I sail for England. I have other big books on Karma, Jnana, and Raja 
Yogas — the Karma is out already, the Raja will be a very big book and is 
already in the Press. The Jnana will have to be published, I think, in England. 

A letter you published from Kripananda in the Brahmavadin was rather 
unfortunate. Kripananda is smarting under the blows the Christians have given 
him and that sort of letter is vulgar, pitching into everybody. It is not in accord 
with the tone of the Brahmavadin. So in future when Kripananda writes, tone 
down everything that is an attack upon any sect, however cranky or crude. 
Nothing which is against any sect, good or bad, should get into the 
Brahmavadin. Of course, we must not show active sympathy with frauds. 
Again let me remind you that the paper is too technical to find any subscriber 
here. The average Western neither knows nor cares to know all about jaw- 
breaking Sanskrit terms and technicalities. The paper is well fitted for India — 
that I see. Every word of special pleading should be eliminated from the 
Editorials, and you must always remember that you are addressing the whole 
world, not India alone, and that the same world is entirely ignorant of what you 
have got to tell them. Use the translation of every Sanskrit term carefully and 
make things as easy as possible. 

Before this reaches you I will be in England. So address me c/o E. T. Sturdy, 
Esq., High View, Caversham, Eng. 



Yours etc., 



VlVEKANANDA. 



« 



Home / Complete- Works / Volume 7 / Epistles - Third Series / 



XXXII 

{Translated from Bengali) 

High View, Caversham, 

Reading, 
27th April, 1896. 

DEAR (Members of the Alambazar Math), 

. . . Let me write something for you all. It is not for gaining personal authority 
that I do this, but for your good and for fulfilling the purpose for which the 
Lord came. He gave me the charge of you all, and you shall contribute to the 
great well-being of the world — though most of you are not yet aware of it — 
this is the special reason of my writing to you. It will be a great pity if any 
feeling of jealousy or egotism gain ground amongst you. Is it possible for those 
to establish cordial relations on earth who cannot cordially live with one 
another for any length of time? No doubt it is an evil to be bound by laws, but 
it is necessary at the immature stage to be guided by rules; in other words, as 
the Master used to say that the sapling must be hedged round, and so on. 
Secondly, it is quite natural for idle minds to indulge in gossip, and faction- 
mongering, and so forth. Hence I jot down the following hints. If you follow 
them, you will undoubtedly prosper, but if you don't do so, then there is a 
danger of all our labours coming to naught. 

First let me write about the management of the Math: 

1 . For the purposes of the Math please hire a commodious house or garden, 
where everyone may have a small room to himself. There must be a spacious 
hall where the books may be kept, and a smaller room for meeting the visitors. 
If possible, there should be another big hall in the house where study of the 
scriptures and religious discourses will be held every day for the public. 

2. Anyone wishing to visit anybody in the Math should see him only and 
depart, without troubling others. 



3. By turns someone should be present in the hall for a few hours every day for 
the public, so that they may get satisfactory replies to what they come to ask. 

4. Everyone must keep to his room and except on special business must not go 
to others' rooms. Anyone who wishes may go to the Library and read, but it 
should be strictly forbidden to smoke there or talk with others. The reading 
should be silent. 

5. It shall be wholly forbidden to huddle together in a room and chat the whole 
day away, with any number of outsiders coming and joining in the hubbub. 

6. Only those that are seekers after religion may come and peacefully wait in 
the Visitors' Hall and when they have seen the particular persons they want, 
they should depart. Or, if they have any general question to ask, they should 
refer to the person in charge of that function for the day and leave. 

7. Tale-bearing, caballing, or reporting scandals about others should be 
altogether eschewed. 

8. A small room should serve as the office. The Secretary should live in that 
room, which should contain paper, ink, and other materials for letter- writing. 
He should keep an account of the income and expenditure. All correspondence 
should come to him, and he should deliver all letters unopened to their 
addressees. Books and pamphlets should be sent to the Library. 

9. There will be a small room for smoking, which should not be indulged in 
outside this room. 

10. He who wants to indulge in invectives or show temper must do so outside 
the boundaries of the Math. This should not be deviated from even by an inch. 



The Governing Body 

1. Every year a President should be elected by a majority of votes. The next 
year, another, and so on. 



2. For this year make Brahmananda the President and likewise make another 
the Secretary, and elect a third man for superintending the worship etc., as well 
as the arrangement of food. 

3. The Secretary shall have another function, viz to keep watch over the general 
health. Regarding this I have three instructions to give: 

(0 In every room for each man there shall be a Nair charpoy, mattress, 
etc. Everyone must keep his room clean. 

(ii) All arrangements must be made to provide clear and pure water for 
drinking and cooking purposes, for it is a deadly sin to cook sacramental food 
in impure or unclean water. 

(iii) Give everyone two ochre cloaks of the type that you have made for 
Saradananda, and see that clothing is kept clean. 

4. Anyone wishing to be a Sannyasin should be admitted as a Brahmacharin 
first. Fie should live one year at the Math and one year outside, after which he 
may be initiated into Sannyasa. 

5. Make over charge of the worship to one of these Brahmacharins, and change 
them now and then. 



Departments 

There shall be the following departments in the Math: 

I. Study. II. Propaganda. III. Religious Practice. 

I. Study — The object of this department is to provide books and teachers for 
those who want to study. Every morning and evening the teachers should be 
ready for them. 

II. Propaganda — Within the Math, and abroad. The preachers in the Math 
should teach the inquirers by reading out scriptures to them and by means of 
question-classes. The preachers abroad will preach from village to village and 
try to start Maths like the above in different places. 



III. Religious Practice — This department will try to provide those who want 
to practise with the requisites for this. But it should not be allowed that because 
one has taken to religious practice he will prevent others from study or 
preaching. Any one infringing this rule shall be immediately asked to clear out, 
and this is imperative. 

The preachers at home should give lessons on devotion, knowledge, Yoga, and 
work by turns; for this, the days and hours should be fixed, and the routine 
hung up at the door of the class-room. That is to say, a seeker after devotion 
may not present himself on the day fixed for knowledge and feel wounded 
thereby; and so on. 

None of you are fit for the Vamachara form of practice. Therefore this should 
on no account be practised at the Math. Anyone demurring to this must step out 
of this Order. This form of practice must never even be mentioned in the Math. 
Ruin shall seize the wicked man, both here and hereafter, who would introduce 
vile Vamachara into His fold! 



Some General Remarks 

1. If any woman comes to have a talk with a Sannyasin, she should do it in the 
Visitors' Hall. No woman shall be allowed to enter any other room — except 
the Worship-room. 

2. No Sannyasin shall be allowed to reside in the Women's Math. Anyone 
refusing to obey this rule shall be expelled from the Math. "Better an empty 
fold than a wicked herd." 

3. Men of evil character shall be rigorously kept out. On no pretence shall their 
shadow even cross the threshold of my room. If anyone amongst you become 
wicked, turn him out at once, whoever he be. We want no black sheep. The 
Lord will bring lots of good people. 

4. Any woman can come to the class-room (or preaching hall) during class time 
or preaching hour, but must leave the place directly when that period is over. 



5. Never show temper, or harbour jealousy, or backbite another in secret. It 
would be the height of cruelty and hard-heartedness to take note of others' 
shortcoming instead of rectifying one's own. 

6. There should be fixed hours of meals. Everyone must have a seat and a low 
dining table. He will sit on the former and put his plate on the latter, as is the 
custom in Rajputana. 



The Office-bearers 

All the office-bearers you should elect by ballot, as was the mandate of Lord 
Buddha. That is to say, one should propose that such and such should be the 
President this year; and all should write on bits of paper 'yes' or 'no' and put 
them in a pitcher. If the 'yes' have a majority, he should be elected President, 
and so on. Though you should elect office-bearers in this way, yet I suggest 
that this year Brahmananda should be President, Nirmalananda, Secretary and 
Treasurer, Sadananda Librarian, and Ramakrishnananda, Abhedananda, 
Turiyananda, and Trigunatitananda should take charge of the teaching and 
preaching work by turns, and so on. 

It is no doubt a good idea that Trigunatita has of starting a magazine. But I 
shall consent to it if only you can work jointly. 

About doctrines and so forth I have to say only this, that if anyone accepts 
Paramahamsa Deva as Avatara etc., it is all right; if he doesn't do so, it is just 
the same. The truth about it is that in point of character, Paramahamsa Deva 
beats all previous records; and as regards teaching, he was more liberal, more 
original, and more progressive than all his predecessors. In other words, the 
older Teachers were rather one-sided, while the teaching of this new 
Incarnation or Teacher is that the best point of Yoga, devotion, knowledge, and 
work must be combined now so as to form a new society. . . . The older ones 
were no doubt good, but this is the new religion of this age — the synthesis of 
Yoga, knowledge, devotion, and work — the propagation of knowledge and 
devotion to all, down to the very lowest, without distinction of age or sex. The 
previous Incarnations were all right, but they have been synthesised in the 



person of Ramakrishna. For the ordinary man and the beginner, steady 
devotion (Nishtha) to an ideal is of paramount importance. That is to say, teach 
them that all great Personalities should be duly honoured, but homage should 
be paid now to Ramakrishna. There can be no vigour without steady devotion. 
Without it one cannot preach with the intensity of a Mahavira (Hanuman). 
Besides, the previous ones have become rather old. Now we have a new India, 
with its new God, new religion, and new Vedas. When, O Lord, shall our land 
be free from this eternal dwelling upon the past? Well, a little bigotry also is a 
necessity. But we must harbour no antagonistic feelings towards others. 

If you consider it wise to be guided by my ideas and if you follow these rules, 
then I shall supply on all necessary funds. . . . Moreover, please show this letter 
to Gour-Ma, Yogin-Ma, and others, and through them establish a Women's 
Math. Let Gour-Ma be the President there for one year, and so on. But none of 
you shall be allowed to visit the place. They will manage their own affairs. 

They will not have to work at your dictation. I shall supply all necessary 
expenses for that work also. 

May the Lord guide you in the right direction! Two persons went to see the 
Lord Jagannatha. One of them beheld the Deity — while the other saw some 
trash that was haunting his mind! My friends, many have no doubt served the 
Master, but whenever anyone would be disposed to consider himself an 
extraordinary personage, he should think that although he was associated with 
Shri Ramakrishna, he has seen only the trash that was uppermost in his mind! 
Were it not so, he would manifest the results. The Master himself used to 
quote, "They would sing and dance in the name of the Lord but come to grief in 
the end." The root of that degeneration is egotism — to think that one is just as 
great as any other, indeed! "He used to love me too!" — one would plead. Alas, 
Nick Bottom, would you then be thus translated? Would such a man envy or 
quarrel with another and degrade himself? Bear in mind that through His grace 
lots of men will be turned out with the nobility of gods — ay, wherever His 
mercy would drop! . . . Obedience is the first duty. Well, just do with alacrity 
what I ask you to. Let me see how you carry out these few small things. Then 
gradually great things will come to pass. 



Yours, 



VlVEKANANDA. 



PS. Please read the contents of this letter to all, and let me know whether you 
consider the suggestions worth carrying out. Please tell Brahmananda that he 
who is the servant of all is their true master. He never becomes a leader in 
whose love there is a consideration of high or low. He whose love knows no 
end, and never stops to consider high or low, has the whole world lying at his 
feet. 



V. 



» 



« 



Home / Complete- Works / Volume 7 / Epistles - Third Series / 



XXXIII 



Dear Sister, 



63 St. George's Road, London, 

May, 1896. 



In London once more. The climate now in England is nice and cool. We have 
fire in the grate. We have a whole house to ourselves, you know, this time. It is 
small but convenient, and in London they do not cost so much as in America. 
Don't you know what I was thinking — about your mother! I just wrote her a 
letter and duly posted it to her, care of Monroe & Co., 7 Rue Scribe, Paris. 
Some old friends are here, and Miss MacLeod came over from the Continent. 
She is good as gold, and as kind as ever. We have a nice little family, in the 
house, with another monk from India. Poor man ! — a typical Hindu with 
nothing of that pluck and go which I have, he is always dreamy and gentle and 
sweet! That won't do. I will try to put a little activity into him. I have had two 
classes already — they will go on for four or five months and after that to India 
I go. But it is to Amerique — there where the heart is. I love the Yankee land. I 
like to see new things. I do not care a fig to loaf about old ruins and mope a life 
out about old histories and keep sighing about the ancients. I have too much 
vigour in my blood for that. In America is the place, the people, the opportunity 
for everything. I have become horribly radical. I am just going to India to see 
what I can do in that awful mass of conservative jelly-fish, and start a new 
thing, entirely new — simple, strong, new and fresh as the first born baby. The 
eternal, the infinite, the omnipresent, the omniscient is a principle, not a person. 
You, I, and everyone are but embodiments of that principle, and the more of 
this infinite principle is embodied in a person, the greater is he, and all in the 
end will be the perfect embodiment of that and thus all will be one as they are 
now essentially. This is all there is of religion, and the practice is through this 
feeling of oneness that is love. All old fogy forms are mere old superstitions. 
Now, why struggle to keep them alive? Why give thirsty people ditch-water to 
drink whilst the river of life and truth flows by? This is only human selfishness, 
nothing else. Life is short — time is flying — that place and people where 
one's ideas work best should be the country and the people for everyone. Ay, 



for a dozen bold hearts, large, noble, and sincere! 

I am very well indeed and enjoying life immensely. 



Yours ever with love, 
VlVEKANANDA. 



» 



Home / Complete- Works / Volume 7 / Epistles - Third Series / 

XXXIV 

{Translated from Bengali ) 



C/o E. T. Sturdy, Esq. 
High View, Caversham, Reading, 

May (?) 1896. 

Dear Shashi (Ramakrishnanada), 

. . . This City of London is a sea of human heads — ten or fifteen Calcuttas put 
together. One is apt to be lost in the mazes unless he arranges for somebody to 
meet him on arrival. . . . However, let Kali start at once. If he be late in starting 
like Sharat, better let no one come. It won't do to loiter and procrastinate like 
that. It is a task that requires the height of Rajas (activity). . . . Our whole 
country is steeped in Tamas, and nothing but that. We want Rajas first, and 
Sattva will come afterwards — a thing far, far removed. 



Yours affectionately, 
VlVEKANANDA. 



» 



« 



Home / Complete- Works / Volume 7 / Epistles - Third Series / 



XXXV 



63 St. George's Road, 
London, S.W. 
16th May, 1896. 

DEAR ADHYAPAKJI, (Prof. John Henry Wright. The letter was written on the death of his 
daughter, aged 16.) 

Last mail brought the very very sad news of the blow that has fallen on you. 

This is the world my brother — this illusion of Maya — the Lord alone is true. 
The forms are evanescent; but the spirit, being in the Lord and of the Lord, is 
immortal and omnipresent. All that we ever had are round us this minute, for 
the spirit can neither come nor go, it only changes its plane of manifestation. 

You are strong and pure and so is Mrs. Wright, and I am sure that the Divine in 
you has arisen and thrown away the lie and delusion that there can be death for 
anyone. 

"He who sees in this world of manifoldness that one support of everything, in 
the midst of a world of unconsciousness that one eternal consciousness, in this 
evanescent world that one eternal and unchangeable, unto him belongs eternal 
peace." 

May the peace of the Lord descend upon you and yours in abundance is the 
prayer of 



Your ever loving friend, 
VlVEKANANDA. 



» 



« 



Home / Complete-Works / Volume 7 / Epistles - Third Series / 



XXXVI 



Dear Miss Noble, 



63 St. George's Road, London, 

7th June, 1896. 



My ideal indeed can be put into a few words and that is: to preach unto 
mankind their divinity, and how to make it manifest in every movement of life. 

This world is in chain of superstition. I pity the oppressed, whether man or 
woman, and I pity more the oppressors. 

One idea that I see clear as daylight is that misery is caused by ignorance and 
nothing else. Who will give the world light? Sacrifice in the past has been the 
Law, it will be, alas, for ages to come. The earth's bravest and best will have to 
sacrifice themselves for the good of many, for the welfare of all. Buddhas by 
the hundred are necessary with eternal love and pity. 

Religions of the world have become lifeless mockeries. What the world wants 
is character. The world is in need of those whose life is one burning love, 
selfless. That love will make every word tell like thunderbolt. 

It is no superstition with you, I am sure, you have the making in you of a world- 
mover, and others will also come. Bold words and bolder deeds are what we 
want. Awake, awake, great ones! The world is burning with misery. Can you 
sleep? Let us call and call till the sleeping gods awake, till the god within 
answers to the call. What more is in life? What greater work? The details come 
to me as I go. I never make plans. Plans grow and work themselves. I only say, 
awake, awake! 

May all blessings attend you for ever! 



Yours affectionately, 



VlVEKANANDA. 



« 



Home / Complete- Works / Volume 7 / Epistles - Third Series / 



XXXVII 



63 St. George's Road, 
London, S.W. 
6th July, 1896. 

Dear Friend And Brother, (to Dr. Lewis i. Janes.) 

Yours of the 25th June has duly reached and gave me great pleasure. I am so 
glad to see the noble work progressing. I had learnt with the greatest delight 
from Mrs. Bull of the work that is going to be done in Cambridge this winter 
and no better person could have been selected to direct it as yourself. May all 
power attend you. I will be only too glad to write for the magazine from time to 
time and my first instalment was to be in a few weeks, when I hope to get some 
leisure. Certainly it goes without saying that no one of the types we call 
religious ought to die — they like races require fresh infusion of blood in the 
form of ideas. It is wonderful to be able to sympathise with others from their 
standpoints of view. 

By this time Goodwin and the other Swami must have reached America. They I 
trust will be of help to you in your noble work. Godspeed to all good work and 
infinite blessings on all workers for good. 



Yours ever in the truth, 
VlVEKANANDA. 



» 



« 



Home / Complete- Works / Volume 7 / Epistles - Third Series / 



XXXVIII 

( Written to Sj. Sharat Chandra Chakravarti, B.A.) 



Rt -4-TTr^=j Ti^Twrra ! 

^TOd. ! TO' d^ I 

p#3 l ^ fefWw 

mM awn ^ ! afe ^ufti w\ : otvt^ 

JRR& I “RR: W: f HI KI^Tl Slftalf^ 

prfm MIR: I ^5 WTHW: RR 

dd^wcj^ i hhitMi m i 

tart ctwra ■# w an^ii 

i r ftrteilto 

sftsrfh I %F-Rq ^F<TOBI g% : q TO^W?f if tR, 

TORW TO ? »: ddWld^t: I 

ter fmf^ rh whj we fan. % w^r wj 

hup 3#r rt iri^r ^wfi' stera i aeii 
TO, 3TJPTT, t Wf ^RT, ®-TO qfs^MR 

paer ? Rafte ^Riwga -shito i ef R r& 

^je%ffe;q: I RET RR i 

d%jeHd‘JTO: fttTOR: I 



{Translated from Sanskrit.) 



Darjeeling, 
19th March, 1897. 



Salutation to Bhagavan Ramakrishna ! 

May you prosper! May this letter conveying blessings and cordial embrace 
make you happy! Nowadays this fleshy tabernacle of mine is comparatively 
well. Meseems, the snow-capped peaks of the Himalayas, the Chief among 




mountains, bring even the moribund back to life. And the fatigue of the 
journeys also seems to have somewhat abated. I have already felt that yearning 
for Freedom — potent enough to put the heart into turmoil — which your letter 
suggests you are experiencing. It is this yearning that gradually brings on a 
concentration of the mind on the eternal Brahman. "There is no other way to go 
by." May this desire blaze up more and more in you, until all your past Karma 
and future tendencies are absolutely annihilated. Close upon the heels of that 
will follow, all on a sudden, the manifestation of Brahman, and with it the 
destruction of all craving for the sense- world. That this freedom-in-life is 
approaching for your welfare is easily to be inferred from the strength of your 
fervour. Now I pray to that world- teacher, Shri Ramakrishna, the Preacher of 
the gospel of universal synthesis, to manifest himself in the region of your 
heart, so that, having attained the consummation of your desires, you may with 
an undaunted heart try your best to deliver others from this dreadful ocean of 
infatuation. May you be ever possessed of valour! It is the hero alone, not the 
coward, who has liberation within his easy reach. Gird up your loins, ye heroes, 
for before you are your enemies — the dire army of infatuation. It is 
undoubtedly true that "all great achievements are fraught with numerous 
impediments"; still you should exert your utmost for your end. Behold, how 
men are already in the jaws of the shark of infatuation! Oh, listen to their 
piteous heart-rending wails. Advance, forward, O ye brave souls, to set free 
those that are in fetters, to lessen the burden of woe of the miserable, and to 
illumine the abysmal darkness of ignorant hearts! Look, how the Vedanta 
proclaims by beat of drums, "Be fearless!" May that solemn sound remove the 
heart's knot of all denizens of the earth. 



Ever your well-wisher, 
VlVEKANANDA. 



» 



« 



Home / Complete- Works / Volume 7 / Epistles - Third Series / 



XXXIX 



Dear Mrs. Bull, 



Alambazar Math, Calcutta, 

May 5th, 1897. 



I have been to Darjeeling for a month to recuperate my shattered health. I am 
very much better now. The disease disappeared altogether in Darjeeling. I am 
going tomorrow to Almora, another hill station, to perfect this improvement. 

Things are looking not very hopeful here as I have already written you — 
though the whole nation has risen as one man to honour me and people went 
almost mad over me! The practical part cannot be had in India. Again, the price 
of the land has gone up very much near Calcutta. My idea at present is to start 
three centres at three capitals. These would be my normal schools, from thence 
I want to invade India. 



India is already Ramakrishna's whether I live a few years more or not. 

I have a very kind letter from Prof. Janes in which he points out my remarks 
about degraded Buddhism. You also write that Dharmapala is very wroth about 
it. Mr. Dharmapala is a good man, and I love him; but it would be entirely 
wrong for him to go into fits over things Indian. 

I am perfectly convinced that what they call modern Hinduism with all its 
ugliness is only stranded Buddhism. Let the Hindus understand this clearly, and 
then it would be easier for them to reject it without murmur. As for the ancient 
form which the Buddha preached, I have the greatest respect for it, as well as 
for His person. And you well know that we Hindus worship Him as an 
Incarnation. Neither is the Buddhism of Ceylon any good. My visit to Ceylon 
has entirely disillusioned me, and the only living people there are the Hindus. 
The Buddhists are all much Europeanised — even Mr. Dharmapala and his 
father had European names, which they have since changed. The only respect 
the Buddhists pay to their great tenet of non-killing is by opening "butcher- 
stalls" in every place! And the priests encourage this. The real Buddhism, I 



once thought, would yet do much good. But I have given up the idea entirely, 
and I clearly see the reason why Buddhism was driven out of India, and we will 
only be too glad if the Ceylonese carry off the remnant of this religion with its 
hideous idols and licentious rites. 

About the Theosophists, you must remember first that in India Theosophists 
and Buddhists are nonentities. They publish a few papers and make a lot of 
splash and try to catch Occidental ears. . . 

I was one man in America and another here. Here the whole nation is looking 
upon me as their authority — there I was a much reviled preacher. Here Princes 
draw my carriage, there I would not be admitted to a decent hotel. My 
utterances here, therefore, must be for the good of the race, my people — 
however unpleasant they might appear to a few. Acceptance, love, toleration 
for everything sincere and honest — but never for hypocrisy. The Theosophists 
tried to fawn upon and flatter me as I am the authority now in India, and 
therefore it was necessary for me to stop my work giving any sanction to their 
humbugs, by a few bold, decisive words; and the thing is done. I am very glad. 
If my health had permitted, I would have cleared India by this time of these 
upstart humbugs, at least tried my best. . . . Let me tell you that India is already 
Ramakrishna's and for a purified Hinduism I have organised my work here a 
bit. 



Yours, 

VlVEKANANDA. 



» 



« 



Home / Complete- Works / Volume 7 / Epistles - Third Series / 



XL 



My dear Shuddhananda, 



Almora, 
11th July, 1897, 



I was very glad to receive your last report. I have very little criticism to make 
except that you ought to write a bit more legibly. 



I am quite satisfied with the work done so far, but it must be pushed forward. I 
have not learnt as yet of the suggestion I made before as to getting a set of 
chemical and physical apparatus and starting classes in elementary and 
experimental Chemistry and Physics, especially in Physiology. 

What about the other suggestion of buying sets of all the scientific books that 
have been translated into Bengali? 



It now seems to me that there must at least be three Mahantas (heads) elected at 
a time — one to direct the business part, one the experimental, the other the 
intellectual part. 

The difficulty is to get the director of education. Brahmananda and 
Turiyananda may well fill the other two. Of visitors I am sorry to learn that you 
are only getting Babus from Calcutta. They are no good. What we want are 
brave young men who will work, not tomfools. 



Ask Brahmananda to write to both Abhedananda and Saradananda to send 
weekly reports to the Math without fail, also to send Bengali articles and notes 
for the would-be paper. Is G. C. Ghosh getting up things for the paper? Work 
on with a will and be ready. 

Akhandananda is working wonderfully at Mahula, but the system is not good. 

It seems they are frittering away their energies in one little village and that only 
doling out rice. I do not hear that any preaching has been done along with this 
helping. All the wealth of the world cannot help one little Indian village if the 



people are not taught to help themselves. Our work should be mainly 
educational , both moral and intellectual. I have not learnt anything abut it — 
only so many beggars are helpedl Ask Brahmananda to open centres in 
different districts so as to cover the largest space with our small means. 

And then, so far it seems to have been ineffectual, for they have not succeeded 
in rousing the people of the place to start societies to educate the people, so that 
they may learn to be self-reliant, frugal, and not given to marrying, and thus 
save themselves from future famine. Charity opens the heart, but work on 
through that wedge. 

The easiest way is to take a hut — make it a temple of Guru Maharaj ! Let the 
poor come here to be helped, also to worship. Let there be Katha (Puranic 
recitals) morning and evening there — through that you may teach all you want 
to teach the people. By degrees the people will be interested. They will keep up 
the temple themselves; maybe the hut temple will evolve into a great institution 
in a few years. Let those that go to relief-work first select a central spot in each 
district and start such a hut-temple, from which all our little work is to proceed. 

Even the greatest fool can accomplish a task if it be after his heart. But the 
intelligent man is he who can convert every work into one that suits his taste. 
No work is petty. Everything in this world is like a banyan-seed, which, though 
appearing tiny as a mustard- seed, has yet the gigantic banyan tree latent within 
it. He indeed is intelligent who notices this and succeeds in making all work 
truly great. (This paragraph only is translated from Bengali.) 

Moreover, they have to see that cheats do not get the food of the deserving. 
India is full of lazy rogues, and curious, they never die of hunger, they always 
get something. Ask Brahmananda to write this to everyone in relief-work — 
they must not be allowed to spend money to no good. We want the greatest 
possible good work permanent from the least outlay. 

Now you see you must try to think out original ideas — else, as soon as I die, 
the whole thing will tumble to pieces. For example, you hold a meeting to 
consider, "How we can reap the best permanent results out of the small means 
at our disposal." Let all have notice a few days before and let each suggest 



something and discuss all the suggestions, criticising them; and then send me a 
report. 

Lastly, you must remember I expect more from my children than from my 
brethren. I want each one of my children to be a hundred times greater than I 
could ever be. Everyone of you must be a giant — must, that is my word. 
Obedience, readiness, and love for the cause — if you have these three, nothing 
can hold you back. 



With love and blessings, 
VlVEKANANDA. 



» 



« 



Home / Complete- Works / Volume 7 / Epistles - Third Series / 



XLI 



My Dear Miss Noble, 



Almora, 
23rd July, 1897. 



Excuse these few lines. I shall write more fully as soon as I reach some place. I 
am on my way from the hills to the plains. 

I do not understand what you mean by frankness without familiarity — I for 
one will give anything to get rid of the last lingering bit of Oriental formality in 
me and speak out like a child of nature. Oh, to live even for a day in the full 
light of freedom, to breathe the free air of simplicity ! Is not that the highest 
purity? 

In this world we work through fear of others, we talk through fear, we think 
through fear, alas! we are born in a land of enemies. Who is there who has been 
able to get rid of this feeling of fear, as if everyone is a spy set specially to 
watch him? And woe unto the man who pushes himself forward! Will it ever be 
a land of friends? Who knows? We can only try. 

The work has already begun and at present famine-relief is the thing next to 
hand. Several centres have been opened and the work goes on; famine-relief, 
preaching, and a little teaching. As yet of course it is very very insignificant, 
the boys in training are being taken out as opportunity is offering itself. The 
sphere of action at present is Madras and Calcutta. Mr. Goodwin working in 
Madras. Also one has gone to Colombo. From the next week a monthly report 
of the whole work will be forwarded to you if it has not already reached you. I 
am away from the centre of work, so things go a little slow, you see; but the 
work is satisfactory on the whole. 

You can do more work for us from England than by coming here. Lord bless 
you for your great self-sacrifice for the poor Indians. 

I entirely agree with you that the work in England will look up when I am 



there. But all the same it is not proper to leave India before the machine is 
moving at some rate and I am sure that there are many to guide it in my 
absence. That will be done in a few months. "God willing", as the Mussulmans 
say. One of my best workers is now in England, the Raja of Khetri. I expect 
him soon in India, and he will be of great service to me no doubt. 

With everlasting love and blessings, 



Yours, 

VlVEKANANDA. 



» 



« 



Home / Complete- Works / Volume 7 / Epistles - Third Series / 



XLII 



My Dear Miss Noble, 



Almora, 
29th July, 1897. 



A letter from Sturdy reached me yesterday, informing me that you are 
determined to come to India and see things with your own eyes. I replied to that 
yesterday, but what I learnt from Miss Muller about your plans makes this 
further note necessary, and it is better that it should be direct. 

Let me tell you frankly that I am now convinced that you have a great future in 
the work for India. What was wanted was not a man, but a woman — a real 
lioness — to work for the Indians, women specially. 

India cannot yet produce great women, she must borrow them from other 
nations. Your education, sincerity, purity, immense love, determination, and 
above all, the Celtic blood make you just the woman wanted. 

Yet the difficulties are many. You cannot form any idea of misery, the 
superstition, and the slavery that are here. You will be in the midst of a mass of 
half-naked men and women with quaint ideas of caste and isolation, shunning 
the white skin through fear or hatred and hated by them intensely. On the other 
hand, you will be looked upon by the white as a crank, and every one of your 
movements will be watched with suspicion. 

Then the climate is fearfully hot; our winter in most places being like your 
summer, and in the south it is always blazing. 

Not one European comfort is to be had in places out of the cities. If in spite of 
all this, you dare venture into the work, you are welcome, a hundred times 
welcome. As for me, I am nobody here as elsewhere, but what little influence I 
have shall be devoted to your service. 

You must think well before you plunge in; and after work, if you fail in this or 



get disgusted, on my part I promise you, I will stand by you unto death whether 
you work for India or not, whether you give up Vedanta or remain in it. "The 
tusks of the elephant come out, but never go back"; so are the words of a man 
never retracted. I promise you that. Again, I must give you a bit of warning. 
You must stand on your own feet and not be under the wings of Miss Muller or 
anybody else. Miss Muller is a good lady in her own way, but unfortunately it 
got into her head, when she was a girl, that she was a born leader and that no 
other qualifications were necessary to move world but money! This idea is 
coming on the surface again and again in spite of herself, and you will find it 
impossible to pull on with her in a few days. She now intends to take a house in 
Calcutta for herself and yourself and other European or American friends who 
may come. 

It is very kind and good of her, but her Lady Abbess plan will never be carried 
out for two reasons — her violent temper and overbearing conduct, and her 
awfully vacillating mind. Friendship with many is best at a distance, and 
everything goes well with the person who stands on his own feet. 

Mrs. Sevier is a jewel of a lady — so good, so kind! The Seviers are the only 
English people who do not hate the natives , Sturdy not excepted. Mr. and Mrs. 
Sevier are the only persons who did not come to patronise us, but they have no 
fixed plans yet. When you come, you may get them to work with you, and that 
will be really helpful to them and to you. But after all it is absolutely necessary 
to stand on one's own feet. 

I learn from America that two friends of mine, Mrs. Ole Bull of Boston and 
Miss MacLeod, are coming on a visit to India this autumn. Miss MacLeod you 
already know in London, that Paris-dressed young American lady; Mrs. Ole 
Bull is about fifty and has been a kind friend to me in America. I may suggest 
that your joining the party may while away the tedium of the journey, as they 
also are coming by way of Europe. 

I am glad to receive a note at least from Sturdy after long. But it was so stiff 
and cold. It seems he is disappointed at the collapse of the London work. 



With everlasting love, 



Yours ever in the Lord, 
VlVEKANANDA. 



» 



Home / Complete- Works / Volume 7 / Epistles - Third Series / 

« 

XLIII 

{Translated from Bengali) 



DEAR Madam (Shrimati Sarala Ghosal, B. A.), 



Belur Math, 
16th April, 1899. 



Very glad to receive your kind note. If by the sacrifice of some specially 
cherished object of either myself or my brother-disciples many pure and 
genuinely patriotic souls come forward to help our cause, rest assured, we will 
not hesitate in the least to make that sacrifice nor shed a tear-drop — you will 
see this verified in action. But up till now I have seen nobody coming forward 
to assist in this way. Only some have wished to put their own hobby in place of 
ours — that is all. If it really help our country or humanity — not to speak of 
giving up Guru-worship — believe me, we are prepared to commit any dire 
iniquity and suffer the eternal damnation of the Christians. But my hairs have 
turned grey since I began the study of man. This world is a most trying place, 
and it is long since I have taken to wandering with the lantern of the Grecian 
Philosopher in hand. A popular song my Master often used to sing comes to my 
mind: 



"He who's a man after one's heart 
Betrays himself by his very looks. 

Rare indeed is such a one ! 

He's a man of aesthetic perceptions 
Who treads a path contrary to others." 

This much from my side. Please know that not one word of it is exaggerated — 
which you will find to be actually the case. 

But then I have some doubts about those patriotic souls who can join with us if 
only we give up the worship of the Guru. Well, if, as they pose, they are indeed 
panting and struggling so much — almost to the point of dissolution from their 
body — to serve the country, how can the single accident of Guru-worship stop 
everything ! 



This impetuous river with rolling waves which bade fair to sweep away whole 
hills and mountains — was a bit of Guru- worship sufficient to turn it back to 
the Himalayas ! I put it to you, do you think anything great will come of such 
patriotism, or any substantial good proceed from such assistance? It is for you 
to say; I can make nothing out of it. For a thirsty man to weigh so much the 
merits of water, or for a man about to die of hunger to cogitate so much and 
turn up his nose at the food presented! Well, people have strange ways of 
thinking. I, for one, am inclined to think that those people were best in a glass- 
case; the more they keep away from actual work, the better. 

"Love stops not for questions of birth. 

Nor the hungry man for stale food." 

This is what I know. But I may be wholly mistaken. Well, if this trifle of Guru- 
worship sticks in one's throat to choke one to death, we had better extricate him 
from this predicament. 

However, I have a great longing to talk over these points with you in detail. For 
talking these things over, affliction and death have given me leave till now, and 
I hope they will do so yet. 

May all your wishes be fulfilled in this New Year! 



Yours sincerely, 
VlVEKANANDA. 



» 



« 



Home / Complete- Works / Volume 7 / Epistles - Third Series / 



XLIV 



C/o F. H. Leggett, 
21 West Thirty-Fourth Street 

New York 
Nov., 1899. 

My Dear Sturdy, 

This is not to defend my conduct. Words cannot wipe off the evils I have done, 
nor any censor stop from working the good deeds, if any. 

For the last few months I have been hearing so much of the luxuries I was 
given to enjoy by the people of the West — luxuries which the hypocrite 
myself has been enjoying, although preaching renunciation all the while: 
luxuries, the enjoyment of which has been the great stumbling-block in my 
way, in England at least. I nearly hypnotised myself into the belief that there 
has at least been a little oasis in the dreary desert of my life, a little spot of light 
in one whole life of misery and gloom; one moment of relaxation in a life of 
hard work and harder curses — even that oasis, that spot, that moment was 
only one of sense-enjoyment!! 

I was glad, I blessed a hundred times a day those that had helped me to get it, 
when, lo, your last letter comes like a thunderclap, and the dream is vanished. I 
begin to disbelieve your criticisms — have little faith left in all this talk of 
luxuries and enjoyments and other visions memory calls up. These I state. 

Hope you will send it round to friends, if you think fit, and correct me where I 
am wrong. 

I remember your place at Reading, where I was fed with boiled cabbage and 
potatoes and boiled rice and boiled lentils, three times a day, with your wife's 
curses for sauce all the time. I do not remember your giving me any cigar to 
smoke — shilling or penny ones. Nor do I remember myself as complaining of 
either the food or your wife's incessant curses, though I lived as a thief, shaking 
through fear all the time, and working every day for you. 



The next memory is of the house on St. George's Road — you and Miss Muller 
at the head. My poor brother was ill there and Miss Muller drove him away. 
There too I don't remember to have had any luxuries as to food or drink or bed 
or even the room given to me. 

The next was Miss Muller's place. Though she has been very kind to me, I was 
living on nuts and fruits. The next memory is that of the black hole of London 
where I had to work almost day and night and cook the meals oft-times for five 
or six, and most nights with a bite of bread and butter. 

I remember Mrs. Sturdy giving me a dinner and a night's lodging in her place, 
and then the next day criticising the black savage — so dirty and smoking all 
over the house. 

With the exception of Capt. and Mrs. Sevier, I do not remember even one piece 
of rag as big as a handkerchief I got from England. On the other hand, the 
incessant demand on my body and mind in England is the cause of my 
breakdown in health. This was all you English people gave me, whilst working 
me to death; and now I am cursed for the luxuries I lived in! ! Whosoever of 
you have given me a coat? Whosoever a cigar? Whosoever a bit of fish or 
flesh? Whosoever of you dare say I asked food or drink or smoke or dress or 
money from you? Ask, Sturdy, ask for God's sake, ask your friends, and first 
ask your own "God within who never sleeps." 

You have given me money for my work. Every penny of it is there. Before 
your eyes I sent my brother away, perhaps to his death; and I would not give 
him a farthing of the money which was not my private property. 

On the other hand, I remember in England Capt. and Mrs. Sevier, who have 
clad me when I was cold, nursed me better than my own mother would have, 
borne with me in my weakness, my trials; and they have nothing but blessings 
for me. And that Mrs. Sevier, because she did not care for honours, has the 
worship of thousands today; and when she is dead millions will remember her 
as one of the great benefactresses of the poor Indians. And they never cursed 
me for my luxuries, though they are ready to give me luxuries, if I need or 
wish. 



I need not tell you of Mrs. Bull, Miss MacLeod, Mr. and Mrs. Leggett. You 
know their love and kindness for me; and Mrs. Bull and Miss MacLeod have 
been to our country, moved and lived with us as no foreigner ever did, 
roughing it all, and they do not ever curse me and my luxuries either; they will 
be only too glad to have me eat well and smoke dollar cigars if I wish. And 
there Leggetts and Bulls were the people whose bread whose money bought my 
smokes and several times paid my rent, whilst I was killing myself for your 
people, when you were taking my pound of flesh for the dirty hole and 
starvation and reserving all this accusation of luxury. 

"The clouds of autumn make great noise but send no rain; 

The clouds of the rainy season without a word flood the earth." 

See Sturdy, those that have helped or are still helping have no criticism, no 
curses: it is only those who do nothing, who only come to grind their own axes, 
that curse, that criticise. That such worthless, heartless, selfish, rubbish 
criticise, is the greatest blessing that can come to me. I want nothing so much 
in life as to be miles off from these extremely selfish axe-grinders. 

Talking of luxuries! Take these critics up one after the other — It is all flesh, 
all flesh and no spirit anywhere. Thank God, they come out sooner or later in 
their true colours. And you advise me to regulate my conduct, my work, 
according to the desires of such heartless, selfish persons, and are at your wit's 
end because I do not! 

As to my Gurubhais (brother-disciples), they do nothing but what I insist on 
their doing. If they have shown any selfishness anywhere, that is because of my 
ordering them, not what they would do themselves. 

Would you like your children put into that dark hole you got for me in London, 
made to work to death, and almost starved all the time? Would Mrs. Sturdy like 
that? They are Sannyasins, and that means, no Sannyasin should unnecessarily 
throw away his life or undertake unnecessary hardship. 

In undergoing all this hardship in the West we have been only breaking the 
rules of Sannyasa. They are my brothers, my children. I do not want them to 



die in holes for my sake. I don't, by all that is good and true I don't, want them 
starved and worked and cursed for all their pains. 

A word more. I shall be very glad if you can point out to me where I have 
preached torturing the flesh. As for the Shastras (scriptures), I shall be only too 
glad if a Shastri (Pundit) dares oppose us with the rules of life laid down for 
Sannyasins and Paramahamsas. 

Well, Sturdy, my heart aches. I understand it all. I know what you are in — you 
are in the clutches of people who want to use you. I don't mean your wife. She 
is too simple to be dangerous. But, my poor boy, you have got the flesh-smell 
— a little money — and vultures are around. Such is life. 

You said a lot about ancient India. That India still lives, Sturdy, is not dead, 
and that living India dares even today to deliver her message without fear or 
favour of the rich, without fear of anybody's opinion, either in the land where 
her feet are in chains or in the very face of those who hold the end of the chain, 
her rulers. That India still lives, Sturdy, India of undying love, of everlasting 
faithfulness, the unchangeable, not only in manners and customs, but also in 
love, in faith, in friendship. And I, the least of that India's children, love you, 
Sturdy, with Indian love, and would any day give up a thousand bodies to help 
you out of this delusion. 



Ever yours, 
VlVEKANANDA. 



» 



« 



Home / Complete- Works / Volume 7 / Epistles - Third Series / 



XLV 



My Dear Mrs. Leggett, 



Chicago, 
26th Nov., 1899. 



Many, many thanks for all your kindness and especially the kind note. I am 
going to start from Chicago on Thursday next, and got the ticket and berth 
ready for that day. 

Miss Noble is doing very well here, and working her way out. I saw Alberta the 
other day. She is enjoying every minute of her stay here and is very happy. 

Miss Adams (Jane Adams), as ever is an angel. 

I shall wire to Joe Joe before I start and read all night. 

With all love to Mr. Leggett and yourself, 



Ever yours affectionately, 
VlVEKANANDA. 



» 



« 



Home / Complete- Works / Volume 7 / Epistles - Third Series / 



XL VI 



My Dear Mother, (Mrs. Leggett.) 



Chicago, 
30th Nov., 1899. 



Nothing new — except Madame Calve's visit. She is a great woman. I wish I 
saw more of her. It is a grand sight to see a giant pine struggling against a 
cyclone. Is it not? 

I leave here tonight. These lines in haste as A is waiting. Mrs. Adams is kind 

as usual. Margot doing splendidly. Will write more from California. 

With all love to Frankincense, 



Ever your son, 
VlVEKANANDA. 



» 



« 



Home / Complete- Works / Volume 7 / Epistles - Third Series / 



XL VII 



Los Angeles, 
6th Dec., 1899. 

Dear Margot, 

Your sixth has arrived, but with it yet no change in my fortune. Would change 
be any good, do you think? Some people are made that way, to love being 
miserable. If I did not break my heart over people I was born amongst, I would 
do it for somebody else. I am sure of that. This is the way of some, I am 
coming to see it. We are all after happiness, true, but that some are only happy 
in being unhappy — queer, is it not? There is no harm in it either, except that 
happiness and unhappiness are both infectious. Ingersoll said once that if he 
were God, he would make health catching, instead of disease, little dreaming 
that health is quite as catching as disease, if not more! That is the only danger. 
No harm in the world in my being happy, in being miserable, but others must 
not catch it. This is the great fact. No sooner a prophet feels miserable for the 
state of man than he sours his face, beats his breast, and calls upon everyone to 
drink tartaric acid, munch charcoal, sit upon a dung-heap covered with ashes, 
and speak only in groans and tears! — I find they all have been wanting. Yes, 
they have. If you are really ready to take the world's burden, take it by all 
means. But do not let us hear your groans and curses. Do not frighten us with 
your sufferings, so that we came to feel we were better off with our own 
burdens. The man who really takes the burden blesses the world and goes his 
own way. He has not a word of condemnation, a word of criticism, not because 
there was no evil but that he has taken it on his own shoulders willingly, 
voluntarily. It is the Saviour who should "go his way rejoicing, and not the 
saved". 

This is the only light I have caught this morning. This is enough if it has come 
to live with me and permeate my life. 

Come ye that are heavy laden and lay all your burden on me, and then do 
whatever you like and be happy and forget that I ever existed. 



Ever with love, 



Your father, 

VlVEKANANDA. 

» 



« 



Home / Complete- Works / Volume 7 / Epistles - Third Series / 



XL VIII 



1719 Turk Street, 
San Francisco, 
17th March, 1900. 

My Dear Mother (Mrs. Leggett.), 

So glad to get your nice letter. Well, you may be sure I am keeping in touch 
with my friends. Yet a delay may sometimes cause nervousness. 

Dr. and Mrs. Hiller returned to the city, much benefited, as they declare, by 
Mrs. Melton's rubbings. As for me, I have got several huge red patches on my 
chest. What materialises later on as to complete recovery, I will let you know. 
Of course, my case is such that it will take time to come round by itself. 

So thankful to you and to Mrs. Adams for the kindness. I will surely go and call 
on them in Chicago. 

How are things going on with you? I have been following the "Put up or shut 
up" plan here, and so far it has not proved bad. Mrs. Hansborough, the second 
of the three sisters, is here, and she is working, working, working — to help 
me. Lord bless their hearts. The three sisters are three angels, are they not? 
Seeing such souls here and there repays for all the nonsense of this life. 

Well, all blessings to you for ever is my prayer. You are one of the angels also, 
say I. 

With love to Miss Kate, 



Ever your son, 
VlVEKANANDA. 



PS. How is the "Mother's child"? 



How is Miss Spencer? All love to her. You know already I am a very bad 
correspondent, but the heart never fails. Tell this to Miss Spencer. 



« 



Home / Complete- Works / Volume 7 / Epistles - Third Series / 



IL 



1719 Turk Street, 
San Francisco, 
17th March, 1900. 

Dear Mother (Mrs. Leggett.), 

I had a letter from Joe asking me to send my signature on four slips of paper, so 
that Mr. Leggett may put my money in the bank for me. As I cannot possibly 
reach her in time, I send the slips to you. 

I am getting better in health and doing financially something. I am quite 
satisfied. I am not at all sorry that more people did not respond to your call. I 
knew they would not. But I am eternally thankful to you for all your kindness. 
May all blessings follow you and yours for ever. 

It is better that my mail be sent to 1231 Pine Street, C/o the Home of Truth. For 
though I be moving about, that place is a permanent establishment, and the 
people there are very kind to me. 

I am so glad to learn that you are very well now. Mrs. Melton has left Los 
Angeles — I am informed by Mrs. Blodgett. Has she gone to New York? Dr. 
and Mrs. Hiller came back to San Francisco day before yesterday. They declare 
themselves very much helped by Mrs. Melton. Mrs. Hiller expects to get 
completely cured in a short time. 

I had a number of lectures here already and in Oakland. The Oakland lectures 
paid well. The first week in San Francisco was not paying, this week is. Hope 
the next week will pay also. I am so glad to hear the nice arrangement made by 
Mr. Leggett for the Vedanta Society. He is so good. 

With all love, 



Yours, 



VlVEKANANDA. 



PS. Do you know anything about Turiyananda? Has he got completely cured? 

V. 

» 



« 



Home / Complete- Works / Volume 7 / Epistles - Third Series / 



L 



1719 Turk Street, 
San Francisco, 
7th April, 1900. 

Dear Mother (Mrs. Leggett.), 

Accept my congratulations for the news of the cause of the wound being 
completely removed. I have no doubt of your being perfectly cured this time. 

Your very kind note cheered me a good deal. I do not mind at all whether 
people come round to help me or not; I am becoming calm and less worried. 

Kindly convey my best love to Mrs. Melton. I am sure to recover in the long 
run. My health has been improving in the main, though there are occasional 
relapses. Each relapse becoming less, both in tone and in time. 

It is just like you to have Turiyananda and Siri treated. The Lord has blessed 
you for your great heart. May all blessings ever follow you and yours. 

It is perfectly true that I should go to France and work on French. I hope to 
reach France in July or earlier. Mother knows. May all good ever follow you, is 
the constant prayer of 



Your son, 
VlVEKANANDA. 



» 



« 



Home / Complete- Works / Volume 7 / Epistles - Third Series / 



LI 



My Dear Mr. Leggett, 



17th April, 1900. 



Herewith I send the executed Will to you. It has been executed as desired by 
her, and of course, as usual, I am requesting you for the trouble of taking 
charge of it. 

You and yours have been so uniformly kind to me. But you know, dear friend, 
it is human nature to ask for more favours (now that they have come) where it 
gets from. 

I am only a man, your child. 

I am so sorry A has made disturbances. He does that now and then, at least 

used to. I do not venture to meddle, for fear of creating more trouble. You 
know how to manage him best. By the time you receive this letter, I will be off 
from San Francisco. Will you kindly send my Indian mail C/o Mrs. Hale, 10 
Aster Street, Chicago, and to Margot in the same place? Margot writes very 
thankfully of your gift of a thousand dollars for her school. 

May all blessings ever follow you and yours for your uniform kindness to me 
and mine, is the constant prayer of 



Yours affectionately, 
VlVEKANANDA. 

PS. I am so glad to learn that Mrs. Leggett has already recovered. 



V. 



» 



« 



Home / Complete- Works / Volume 7 / Epistles - Third Series / 



LII 



Dear Aunt Roxy, (Mrs. Blodgett of Los Angeles), 



2nd May, 1900. 



Your very, very kind letter came. I am down again with nerves and fever, after 
six months of hard work. However, I found out that my kidneys and heart are 
as good as ever. I am going to take a few days' rest in the country and then start 
for Chicago. 

I have just written to Mrs. Milward Adams and also have given an introduction 
to my daughter, Miss Noble, to go and call upon Mrs. Adams and give her all 
information she wants about the work. 



Well, dear good mother, may all blessings attend you and peace. I just want a 
bit of peace badly — pray for me. With love to Kate, 



Ever your son, 
VlVEKANANDA. 

PS. Love to Miss Spencer — the Basaquisitz(?), Mrs. S , and the other 

friends. 

A heap of loving pats on the head to Tricks. 



V. 



» 



« 



Home / Complete- Works / Volume 7 / Epistles - Third Series / 



LIII 



Perros Guirec 
Bertagne, 
22nd September, 1900. 

To Miss Alberta Sturges 

on her 23rd birthday 

The mother's heart, the hero's will, 

The softest flower's sweetest feel; 

The charm and force that ever sway 
The altar fire's flaming play; 

The strength that leads, in love obeys; 

Far-reaching dreams, and patient ways, 

Eternal faith in Self, in all 
The sight Divine in great in small; 

All these, and more than I could see 
Today may "Mother" grant to thee. 



Ever yours with love and blessings, 

VlVEKANANDA. 



Dear Alberta, 

This little poem is for your birthday. It is not good, but it has all my love. I am 
sure, therefore, you will like it. 

Will you kindly send a copy each of the pamphlets there to madame Besnard, 
Clairoix, Bres Compiegne, Oise, and oblige? 



Your well-wisher, 
VlVEKANANDA. 



» 


