Complete Works of Swami Vivekananda 
Volume 3 

Lectures and Discourses 
Bhakti-Yoga 

Para-Bhakti or Supreme Devotion 
Lectures from Colombo to Almora 
Reports in American Newspapers 
Buddhistic India 




Swami Yivekananda 

January 12, 1863 - July 4, 1902 



Chicago 1893 



Complete Works of Swami Vivekananda 
Volume 3 

Lectures and Discourses 

Unity, the Goal of Religion 
The Free Soul 

One Existence Appearing as Many 



« 



Home / Complete- Works / Volume 3 / Lectures and Discourses / 



UNITY, THE GOAL OF RELIGION 

( Delivered in New York, 1896 ) 

This universe of ours, the universe of the senses, the rational, the intellectual, is 
bounded on both sides by the illimitable, the unknowable, the ever unknown. 
Herein is the search, herein are the inquiries, here are the facts; from this comes 
the light which is known to the world as religion. Essentially, however, religion 
belongs to the supersensuous and not to the sense plane. It is beyond all 
reasoning and is not on the plane of intellect. It is a vision, an inspiration, a 
plunge into the unknown and unknowable, making the unknowable more than 
known for it can never be "known". This search has been in the human mind, 
as I believe, from the very beginning of humanity. There cannot have been 
human reasoning and intellect in any period of the world's history without this 
struggle, this search beyond. In our little universe, this human mind, we see a 
thought arise. Whence it arises we do not know; and when it disappears, where 
it goes, we know not either. The macrocosm and the microcosm are, as it were, 
in the same groove, passing through the same stages, vibrating in the same key. 

I shall try to bring before you the Hindu theory that religions do not come from 
without, but from within. It is my belief that religious thought is in man's very 
constitution, so much so that it is impossible for him to give, up religion until 
he can give up his mind and body, until he can give up thought and life. As 
long as a man thinks, this struggle must go on, and so long man must have 
some form of religion. Thus we see various forms of religion in the world. It is 
a bewildering study; but it is not, as many of us think, a vain speculation. 
Amidst this chaos there is harmony, throughout these discordant sounds there is 
a note of concord; and he who is prepared to listen to it will catch the tone. 

The great question of all questions at the present time is this: Taking for 
granted that the known and the knowable are bounded on both sides by the 
unknowable and the infinitely unknown, why struggle for that infinite 
unknown? Why shall we not be content with the known? Why shall we not rest 
satisfied with eating, drinking, and doing a little good to society? This idea is in 
the air. From the most learned professor to the prattling baby, we are told that 



to do good to the world is all of religion, and that it is useless to trouble 
ourselves about questions of the beyond. So much is this the case that it has 
become a truism. 

But fortunately we must inquire into the beyond. This present, this expressed, is 
only one part of that unexpressed. The sense universe is, as it were, only one 
portion, one bit of that infinite spiritual universe projected into the plane of 
sense consciousness. How can this little bit of projection be explained, be 
understood, without, knowing that which is beyond? It is said of Socrates that 
one day while lecturing at Athens, he met a Brahmin who had travelled into 
Greece, and Socrates told the Brahmin that the greatest study for mankind is 
man. The Brahmin sharply retorted: "How can you know man until you know 
Gods" This God, this eternally Unknowable, or Absolute, or Infinite, or without 
name — you may call Him by what name you like — is the rationale, the only 
explanation, the raison d'etre of that which is known and knowable, this 
present life. Take anything before you, the most material thing — take one of 
the most material sciences, as chemistry or physics, astronomy or biology — 
study it, push the study forward and forward, and the gross forms will begin to 
melt and become finer and finer, until they come to a point where you are 
bound to make a tremendous leap from these material things into the 
immaterial. The gross melts into the fine, physics into metaphysics, in every 
department of knowledge. 

Thus man finds himself driven to a study of the beyond. Life will be a desert, 
human life will be vain, if we cannot know the beyond. It is very well to say: 

Be contented with the things of the present. The cows and the dogs are, and so 
are all animals; and that is what makes them animals. So if man rests content 
with the present and gives up all search into the beyond, mankind will have to 
go back to the animal plane again. It is religion, the inquiry into the beyond, 
that makes the difference between man and an animal. Well has it been said 
that man is the only animal that naturally looks upwards; every other animal 
naturally looks down. That looking upward and going upward and seeking 
perfection are what is called salvation; and the sooner a man begins to go 
higher, the sooner he raises himself towards this idea of truth as salvation. It 
does not consist in the amount of money in your pocket, or the dress you wear, 
or the house you live in, but in the wealth of spiritual thought in your brain. 



That is what makes for human progress, that is the source of all material and 
intellectual progress, the motive power behind, the enthusiasm that pushes 
mankind forward. 

Religion does not live on bread, does not dwell in a house. Again and again 
you hear this objection advanced: "What good can religion do? Can it take 
away the poverty of the poor?" Supposing it cannot, would that prove the 
untruth of religion? Suppose a baby stands up among you when you are trying 
to demonstrate an astronomical theorem, and says, "Does it bring 
gingerbread?" "No, it does not", you answer. "Then," says the baby, "it is 
useless." Babies judge the whole universe from their own standpoint, that of 
producing gingerbread, and so do the babies of the world. We must not judge 
of higher things from a low standpoint. Everything must be judged by its own 
standard and the infinite must be judged by the standard of infinity. Religion 
permeates the whole of man's life, not only the present, but the past, present, 
and future. It is, therefore, the eternal relation between the eternal soul and the 
eternal God. Is it logical to measure its value by its action upon five minutes of 
human life? Certainly not. These are all negative arguments. 

Now comes the question: Can religion really accomplish anything? It can. It 
brings to man eternal life. It has made man what he is, and will make of this 
human animal a god. That is what religion can do. Take religion from human 
society and what will remain? Nothing but a forest of brutes. Sense-happiness 
is not the goal of humanity. Wisdom (Jnana) is the goal of all life. We find that 
man enjoys his intellect more than an animal enjoys its senses; and we see that 
man enjoys his spiritual nature even more than his rational nature. So the 
highest wisdom must be this spiritual knowledge. With this knowledge will 
come bliss. All these things of this world are but the shadows, the 
manifestations in the third or fourth degree of the real Knowledge and Bliss. 

One question more: What is the goal? Nowadays it is asserted that man is 
infinitely progressing, forward and forward, and there is no goal of perfection 
to attain to. Ever approaching, never attaining, whatever that may mean and 
however wonderful it may be, it is absurd on the face of it. Is there any motion 
in a straight line? A straight line infinitely projected becomes a circle, it returns 
to the starting point. You must end where you begin; and as you began in God, 



you must go back to God. What remains? Detail work. Through eternity you 
have to do the detail work. 

Yet another question: Are we to discover new truths of religion as we go on? 
Yea and nay. In the first place, we cannot know anything more of religion, it 
has all been known. In all religions of the world you will find it claimed that 
there is a unity within us. Being one with divinity, there cannot be any further 
progress in that sense. Knowledge means finding this unity. I see you as men 
and women, and this is variety. It becomes scientific knowledge when I group 
you together and call you human beings. Take the science of chemistry, for 
instance. Chemists are seeking to resolve all known substances into their 
original elements, and if possible, to find the one element from which all these 
are derived. The time may come when they will find one element that is the 
source of all other elements. Reaching that, they can go no further; the science 
of chemistry will have become perfect. So it is with the science of religion. If 
we can discover this perfect unity, there cannot be any further progress. 

The next question is: Can such a unity be found? In India the attempt has been 
made from the earliest times to reach a science of religion and philosophy, for 
the Hindus do not separate these as is customary in Western countries. We 
regard religion and philosophy as but two aspects of one thing which must 
equally be grounded in reason and scientific truth. 

The system of the Sankhya philosophy is one of the most ancient in India, or in 
fact in the world. Its great exponent Kapila is the father of all Hindu 
psychology; and the ancient system that he taught is still the foundation of all 
accepted systems of philosophy in India today which are known as the 
Darshanas. They all adopt his psychology, however widely they differ in other 
respects. 

The Vedanta, as the logical outcome of the Sankhya, pushes its conclusions yet 
further. While its cosmology agrees with that taught by Kapila, the Vedanta is 
not satisfied to end in dualism, but continues its search for the final unity which 
is alike the goal of science and religion. 



» 



« 



Home / Complete-Works / Volume 3 / Lectures and Discourses / 



THE FREE SOUL 

(. Delivered in New York, 1896) 

The analysis of the Sankhyas stops with the duality of existence — Nature and 
souls. There are an infinite number of souls, which, being simple, cannot die, 
and must therefore be separate from Nature. Nature in itself changes and 
manifests all these phenomena; and the soul, according to the Sankhyas, is 
inactive. It is a simple by itself, and Nature works out all these phenomena for 
the liberation of the soul; and liberation consists in the soul discriminating that 
it is not Nature. At the same time we have seen that the Sankhyas were bound 
to admit that every soul was omnipresent. Being a simple, the soul cannot be 
limited, because all limitation comes either through time, space, or causation. 
The soul being entirely beyond these cannot have any limitation. To have 
limitation one must be in space, which means the body; and that which is body 
must be in Nature. If the soul had form, it would be identified with Nature; 
therefore the soul is formless, and that which is formless cannot be said to exist 
here, there, or anywhere. It must be omnipresent. Beyond this the Sankhya 
philosophy does not go. 

The first argument of the Vedantists against this is that this analysis is not a 
perfect one. If their Nature be absolute and the soul be also absolute, there will 
be two absolutes, and all the arguments that apply in the case of the soul to 
show that it is omnipresent will apply in the case of Nature, and Nature too will 
be beyond all time, space, and causation, and as the result there will be no 
change or manifestation. Then will come the difficulty of having two absolutes, 
which is impossible. What is the solution of the Vedantist? His solution is that, 
just as the Sankhyas say, it requires some sentient Being as the motive power 
behind, which makes the mind think and Nature work, because Nature in all its 
modifications, from gross matter up to Mahat (Intelligence), is simply 
insentient. Now, says the Vedantist, this sentient Being which is behind the 
whole universe is what we call God , and consequently this universe is not 
different from Him. It is He Himself who has become this universe. He not 
only is the instrumental cause of this universe, but also the material cause. 
Cause is never different from effect, the effect is but the cause reproduced in 



another form. We see that every day. So this Being is the cause of Nature. All 
the forms and phases of Vedanta, either dualistic, or qualified-monistic, or 
monistic, first take this position that God is not only the instrumental, but also 
the material cause of this universe, that everything which exists is He. The 
second step in Vedanta is that these souls are also a part of God, one spark of 
that Infinite Fire. "As from a mass of fire millions of small particles fly, even so 
from this Ancient One have come all these souls." So far so good, but it does 
not yet satisfy. What is meant by a part of the Infinite? The Infinite is 
indivisible; there cannot be parts of the Infinite. The Absolute cannot be 
divided. What is meant, therefore, by saying that all these sparks are from Him? 
The Advaitist, the non-dualistic Vedantist, solves the problem by maintaining 
that there is really no part; that each soul is really not a part of the Infinite, but 
actually is the Infinite Brahman. Then how can there be so many? The sun 
reflected from millions of globules of water appears to be millions of suns, and 
in each globule is a miniature picture of the sun-form; so all these souls are but 
reflections and not real. They are not the real "I" which is the God of this 
universe, the one undivided Being of the universe. And all these little different 
beings, men and animals etc. are but reflections, and not real. They are simply 
illusory reflections upon Nature. There is but one Infinite Being in the universe, 
and that Being appears as you and as I; but this appearance of divisions is after 
all a delusion. He has not been divided, but only appears to be divided. This 
apparent division is caused by looking at Him through the network of time, 
space, and causation. When I look at God through the network of time, space, 
and causation, I see Him as the material world. When I look at Him from a little 
higher plane, yet through the same network, I see Him as an animal, a little 
higher as a man, a little higher as a god, but yet He is the One Infinite Being of 
the universe, and that Being we are. I am That, and you are That. Not parts of 
It, but the whole of It. "It is the Eternal Knower standing behind the whole 
phenomena; He Himself is the phenomena." He is both the subject and the 
object, He is the "I" and the "You". How is this? "How to know the Knower? 
The Knower cannot know Himself; I see everything but cannot see myself. The 
Self, the Knower, the Lord of all, the Real Being, is the cause of all the vision 
that is in the universe, but it is impossible for Him to see Himself or know 
Himself, excepting through reflection. You cannot see your own face except in 
a mirror, and so the Self cannot see Its own nature until It is reflected, and this 
whole universe therefore is the Self trying to realise Itself. This reflection is 



thrown back first from the protoplasm, then from plants and animals, and so on 
and on from better and better reflectors, until the best reflector, the perfect man, 
is reached — just as a man who, wanting to see his face, looks first in a little 
pool of muddy water, and sees just an outline; then he comes to clear water, 
and sees a better image; then to a piece of shining metal, and sees a still better 
image; and at last to a looking-glass, and sees himself reflected as he is. 
Therefore the perfect man is the highest reflection of that Being who is both 
subject and object. You now find why man instinctively worships everything, 
and how perfect men are instinctively worshipped as God in every country. 

You may talk as you like, but it is they who are bound to be worshipped. That 
is why men worship Incarnations, such as Christ or Buddha. They are the most 
perfect manifestations of the eternal Self. They are much higher than all the 
conceptions of God that you or I can make. A perfect man is much higher than 
such conceptions. In him the circle becomes complete; the subject and the 
object become one. In him all delusions go away and in their place comes the 
realisation that he has always been that perfect Being. How came this bondage 
then? How was it possible for this perfect Being to degenerate into the 
imperfect? How was it possible that the free became bound? The Advaitist 
says, he was never bound, but was always free. Various clouds of various 
colours come before the sky. They remain there a minute and then pass away. It 
is the same eternal blue sky stretching there for ever. The sky never changes: it 
is the cloud that is changing. So you are always perfect, eternally perfect. 
Nothing ever changes your nature, or ever will. All these ideas that I am 
imperfect, I am a man, or a woman, or a sinner, or I am the mind, I have 
thought, I will think — all are hallucinations; you never think, you never had a 
body; you never were imperfect. You are the blessed Lord of this universe, the 
one Almighty ruler of everything that is and ever will be, the one mighty ruler 
of these suns and stars and moons and earths and planets and all the little bits of 
our universe. It is through you that the sun shines and the stars shed their lustre, 
and the earth becomes beautiful. It is through your blessedness that they all 
love and are attracted to each other. You are in all, and you are all. Whom to 
avoid, and whom to take? You are the all in all. When this knowledge comes 
delusion immediately vanishes. 

I was once travelling in the desert in India. I travelled for over a month and 
always found the most beautiful landscapes before me, beautiful lakes and all 



that. One day I was very thirsty and I wanted to have a drink at one of these 
lakes; but when I approached that lake it vanished. Immediately with a blow 
came into my brain the idea that this was a mirage about which I had read all 
my life; and then I remembered and smiled at my folly, that for the last month 
all the beautiful landscapes and lakes I had been seeing were this mirage, but I 
could not distinguish them then. The next morning I again began my march; 
there was the lake and the landscape, but with it immediately came the idea, 
"This is a mirage." Once known it had lost its power of illusion. So this illusion 
of the universe will break one day. The whole of this will vanish, melt away. 
This is realization. Philosophy is no joke or talk. It has to be realised; this body 
will vanish, this earth and everything will vanish, this idea that I am the body or 
the mind will for some time vanish, or if the Karma is ended it will disappear, 
never to come back; but if one part of the Karma remains, then as a potter's 
wheel, after the potter has finished the pot, will sometimes go on from the past 
momentum, so this body, when the delusion has vanished altogether, will go on 
for some time. Again this world will come, men and women and animals will 
come, just as the mirage came the next day, but not with the same force; along 
with it will come the idea that I know its nature now, and it will cause no 
bondage, no more pain, nor grief, nor misery. Whenever anything miserable 
will come, the mind will be able to say, "I know you as hallucination." When a 
man has reached that state, he is called Jivanmukta, living-free", free even 
while living. The aim and end in this life for the Jnana-Yogi is to become this 
Jivanmakta, "living-free". He is Jivanmukta who can live in this world without 
being attached. He is like the lotus leaves in water, which are never wetted by 
the water. He is the highest of human beings, nay, the highest of all beings, for 
he has realised his identity with the Absolute, he has realised that he is one with 
God. So long as you think you have the least difference from God, fear will 
seize you, but when you have known that you are He, that there is no 
difference, entirely no difference, that you are He, all of Him, and the whole of 
Him, all fear ceases. "There, who sees whom? Who worships whom? Who 
talks to whom? Who hears whom? Where one sees another, where one talks to 
another, where one hears another, that is little. Where none sees none, where 
none speaks to none, that is the highest, that is the great, that is the Brahman." 
Being That, you are always That. What will become of the world then? What 
good shall we do to the world? Such questions do not arise "What becomes of 
my gingerbread if I become old?" says the baby! "What becomes of my 



marbles if I grow? So I will not grow," says the boy! "What will become of my 
dolls if I grow old?" says the little child! It is the same question in connection 
with this world, it has no existence in the past, present, or future. If we have 

A 

known the Atman as It is, if we have known that there is nothing else but this 
Atman, that everything else is but a dream, with no existence in reality, then 
this world with its poverties, its miseries, its wickedness, and its goodness will 
cease to disturb us. If they do not exist, for whom and for what shall we take 
trouble? This is what the Jnana- Yogis teach. Therefore, dare to be free, dare to 
go as far as your thought leads, and dare to carry that out in your life. It is very 
hard to come to Jnana. It is for the bravest and most daring, who dare to smash 
all idols, not only intellectual, but in the senses. This body is not I; it must go. 
All sorts of curious things may come out of this. A man stands up and says, "I 
am not the body, therefore my headache must be cured"; but where is the 
headache if not in his body? Let a thousand headaches and a thousand bodies 
come and go. What is that to me? I have neither birth nor death; father or 
mother I never had; friends and foes I have none, because they are all 1. 1 am 
my own friend, and I am my own enemy. I am Existence-Knowledge-Bliss 
Absolute. I am He, I am He. If in a thousand bodies I am suffering from fever 
and other ills, in millions of bodies I am healthy. If in a thousand bodies I am 
starving, in other thousand bodies I am feasting. If in thousands of bodies I am 
suffering misery, in thousands of bodies I am happy. Who shall blame whom, 
who praise whom? Whom to seek, whom to avoid? I seek none, nor avoid any, 
for I am all the universe. I praise myself, I blame myself, I suffer for myself, I 
am happy at my own will, I am free. This is the Jnani, the brave and daring. Let 
the whole universe tumble down; he smiles and says it never existed, it was all 
a hallucination. He sees the universe tumble down. Where was it! Where has it 
gone! 

Before going into the practical part, we will take up one more intellectual 
question. So far the logic is tremendously rigorous. If man reasons, there is no 
place for him to stand until he comes to this, that there is but One Existence, 
that everything else is nothing. There is no other way left for rational mankind 
but to take this view. But how is it that what is infinite, ever perfect, ever 
blessed, Existence-Knowledge-Bliss Absolute, has come under these 
delusions? It is the same question that has been asked all the world over. In the 
vulgar form the question becomes, "How did sin come into this world?" This is 



the most vulgar and sensuous form of the question, and the other is the most 
philosophic form, but the answer is the same. The same question has been 
asked in various grades and fashions, but in its lower forms it finds no solution, 
because the stories of apples and serpents and women do not give the 
explanation. In that state, the question is childish, and so is the answer. But the 
question has assumed very high proportions now: "How did this illusion 
come?" And the answer is as fine. The answer is that we cannot expect any 
answer to an impossible question. The very question is impossible in terms. 

You have no right to ask that question. Why? What is perfection? That which is 
beyond time, space, and causation — that is perfect. Then you ask how the 
perfect became imperfect. In logical language the question may be put in this 
form: "How did that which is beyond causation become caused?" You 
contradict yourself. You first admit it is beyond causation, and then ask what 
causes it. This question can only be asked within the limits of causation. As far 
as time and space and causation extend, so far can this question be asked. But 
beyond that it will be nonsense to ask it, because the question is illogical. 
Within time, space, and causation it can never be answered, and what answer 
may lie beyond these limits can only be known when we have transcended 
them; therefore the wise will let this question rest. When a man is ill, he 
devotes himself to curing his disease without insisting that he must first learn 
how he came to have it. 

There is another form of this question, a little lower, but more practical and 
illustrative: What produced this delusion? Can any reality produce delusion? 
Certainly not. We see that one delusion produces another, and so on. It is 
delusion always that produces delusion. It is disease that produces disease, and 
not health that produces disease. The wave is the same thing as the water, the 
effect is the cause in another form. The effect is delusion, and therefore the 
cause must be delusion. What produced this delusion? Another delusion. And 
so on without beginning. The only question that remains for you to ask is: Does 
not this break your monism, because you get two existences in the universe, 
one yourself and the other the delusion? The answer is: Delusion cannot be 
called an existence. Thousands of dreams come into your life, but do not form 
any part of your life. Dreams come and go; they have no existence. To call 
delusion existence will be sophistry. Therefore there is only one individual 
existence in the universe, ever free, and ever blessed; and that is what you are. 



This is the last conclusion reached by the Advaitists. 

It may then be asked: What becomes of all these various forms of worship? 
They will remain; they are simply groping in the dark for light, and through this 
groping light will come. We have just seen that the Self cannot see Itself. Our 
knowledge is within the network of Maya (unreality), and beyond that is 
freedom. Within the network there is slavery, it is all under law; beyond that 
there is no law. So far as the universe is concerned, existence is ruled by law, 
and beyond that is freedom. As long as you are in the network of time, space, 
and causation, to say you are free is nonsense, because in that network all is 
under rigorous law, sequence, and consequence. Every thought that you think is 
caused, every feeling has been caused; to say that the will is free is sheer 
nonsense. It is only when the infinite existence comes, as it were, into this 
network of Maya that it takes the form of will. Will is a portion of that being, 
caught in the network of Maya, and therefore "free will" is a misnomer. It 
means nothing — sheer nonsense. So is all this talk about freedom. There is no 
freedom in Maya. 

Every one is as much bound in thought, word, deed, and mind, as a piece of 
stone or this table. That I talk to you now is as rigorous in causation as that you 
listen to me. There is no freedom until you go beyond Maya. That is the real 
freedom of the soul. Men, however sharp and intellectual, however clearly they 
see the force of the logic that nothing here can be free, are all compelled to 
think they are free; they cannot help it. No work can go on until we begin to say 
we are free. It means that the freedom we talk about is the glimpse of the blue 
sky through the clouds and that the real freedom — the blue sky itself — is 
behind. True freedom cannot exist in the midst of this delusion, this 
hallucination, this nonsense of the world, this universe of the senses, body, and 
mind. All these dreams, without beginning or end, uncontrolled and 
uncontrollable, ill-adjusted, broken, inharmonious, form our idea of this 
universe. In a dream, when you see a giant with twenty heads chasing you, and 
you are flying from him, you do not think it is inharmonious; you think it is 
proper and right. So is this law. All that you call law is simply chance without 
meaning. In this dream state you call it law. Within Maya, so far as this law of 
time, space and causation exists, there is no freedom; and all these various 
forms of worship are within this Maya. The idea of God and the ideas of brute 



and of man are within this Maya, and as such are equally hallucinations; all of 
them are dreams. But you must take care not to argue like some extraordinary 
men of whom we hear at the present time. They say the idea of God is a 
delusion, but the idea of this world is true. Both ideas stand or fall by the same 
logic. He alone has the right to be an atheist who denies this world, as well as 
the other. The same argument is for both. The same mass of delusion extends 
from God to the lowest animal, from a blade of grass to the Creator. They stand 
or fall by the same logic. The same person who sees falsity in the idea of God 
ought also to see it in the idea of his own body or his own mind. When God 
vanishes, then also vanish the body and mind; and when both vanish, that 
which is the Real Existence remains for ever. "There the eyes cannot go, nor 
the speech, nor the mind. We cannot see it, neither know it." And we now 
understand that so far as speech and thought and knowledge and intellect go, it 
is all within this Maya within bondage. Beyond that is Reality. There neither 
thought, nor mind, nor speech, can reach. 

So far it is intellectually all right, but then comes the practice. The real work is 
in the practice. Are any practices necessary to realise this Oneness? Most 
decidedly. It is not that you become this Brahman. You are already that. It is 
not that you are going to become God or perfect; you are already perfect; and 
whenever you think you are not, it is a delusion. This delusion which says that 
you are Mr. So-and-so or Mrs. So-and-so can be got rid of by another delusion, 
and that is practice. Fire will eat fire, and you can use one delusion to conquer 
another delusion. One cloud will come and brush away another cloud, and then 
both will go away. What are these practices then? We must always bear in 
mind that we are not going to be free, but are free already. Every idea that we 
are bound is a delusion. Every idea that we are happy or unhappy is a 
tremendous delusion; and another delusion will come — that we have got to 
work and worship and struggle to be free — and this will chase out the first 
delusion, and then both will stop. 

The fox is considered very unholy by the Mohammedans and by the Hindus. 
Also, if a dog touches any bit of food, it has to be thrown out, it cannot be eaten 
by any man. In a certain Mohammedan house a fox entered and took a little bit 
of food from the table, ate it up, and fled. The man was a poor man, and had 
prepared a very nice feast for himself, and that feast was made unholy, and he 



could not eat it. So he went to a Mulla, a priest, and said, "This has happened to 
me; a fox came and took a mouthful out of my meal. What can be done? I had 
prepared a feast and wanted so much to eat it, and now comes this fox and 
destroys the whole affair." The Mulla thought for a minute and then found only 
one solution and said, "The only way for you is to get a dog and make him eat a 
bit out of the same plate, because dogs and foxes are eternally quarrelling. The 
food that was left by the fox will go into your stomach, and that left by the dog 
will go there too, and both will be purified." We are very much in the same 
predicament. This is a hallucination that we are imperfect; and we take up 
another, that we have to practice to become perfect. Then one will chase the 
other, as we can use one thorn to extract another and then throw both away. 
There are people for whom it is sufficient knowledge to hear, "Thou art That". 
With a flash this universe goes away and the real nature shines, but others have 
to struggle hard to get rid of this idea of bondage. 

The first question is: Who are fit to become Jnana-Yogis? Those who are 
equipped with these requisites: First, renunciation of all fruits of work and of 
all enjoyments in this life or another life. If you are the creator of this universe, 
whatever you desire you will have, because you will create it for yourself. It is 
only a question of time. Some get it immediately; with others the past 
Samskaras (impressions) stand in the way of getting their desires. We give the 
first place to desires for enjoyment, either in this or another life. Deny that there 
is any life at all; because life is only another name for death. Deny that you are 
a living being. Who cares for life? Life is one of these hallucinations, and death 
is its counterpart. Joy is one part of these hallucinations, and misery the other 
part, and so on. What have you to do with life or death ? These are all creations 
of the mind. This is called giving up desires of enjoyment either in this life or 
another. 

Then comes controlling the mind, calming it so that it will not break into waves 
and have all sorts of desires, holding the mind steady, not allowing it to get into 
waves from external or internal causes, controlling the mind perfectly, just by 
the power of will. The Jnana-Yogi does not take any one of these physical 
helps or mental helps: simply philosophic reasoning, knowledge, and his own 
will, these are the instrumentalities he believes in. Next comes Titiksha, 
forbearance, bearing all miseries without murmuring, without complaining. 



When an injury comes, do not mind it. If a tiger comes, stand there. Who flies? 
There are men who practice Titiksha, and succeed in it. There are men who 
sleep on the banks of the Ganga in the midsummer sun of India, and in winter 
float in the waters of the Ganga for a whole day; they do not care. Men sit in 
the snow of the Himalayas, and do not care to wear any garment. What is heat? 
What is cold? Let things come and go, what is that to me, I am not the body. It 
is hard to believe this in these Western countries, but it is better to know that it 
is done. Just as your people are brave to jump at the mouth of a cannon, or into 
the midst of the battlefield, so our people are brave to think and act out their 
philosophy. They give up their lives for it. "I am Existence-Knowledge-Bliss 
Absolute; I am He, I am He." Just as the Western ideal is to keep up luxury in 
practical life, so ours is to keep up the highest form of spirituality, to 
demonstrate that religion is riot merely frothy words, but can be carried out, 
every bit of it, in this life. This is Titiksha, to bear everything, not to complain 
of anything. I myself have seen men who say, "I am the soul; what is the 
universe to me? Neither pleasure nor pain, nor virtue nor vice, nor heat nor cold 
is anything to me." That is Titiksha; not running after the enjoyments of the 
body. What is religion? To pray, "Give me this and that"? Foolish ideas of 
religion! Those who believe them have no true idea of God and soul. My 
Master used to say, "The vulture rise higher and higher until he becomes a 
speck, but his eye is always on the piece of rotten carrion on the earth." After 
all, what is the result of your ideas of religion? To cleanse the streets and have 
more bread and clothes? Who cares for bread and clothes? Millions come and 
go every minute. Who cares? Why care for the joys and vicissitudes of this 
little world? Go beyond that if you dare; go beyond law, let the whole universe 
vanish, and stand alone. "I am Existence- Absolute, Knowledge- Absolute, Bliss- 
Absolute; I am He, I am He." 



» 



« 



Home / Complete- Works / Volume 3 / Lectures and Discourses / 



ONE EXISTENCE APPEARING AS MANY 

( Delivered in New York, 1896 ) 

Vairagya or renunciation is the turning point in all the various Yogas. The 
Karmi (worker) renounces the fruits of his work. The Bhakta (devotee) 
renounces all little loves for the almighty and omnipresent love. The Yogi 
renounces his experiences, because his philosophy is that the whole Nature, 
although it is for the experience of the soul, at last brings him to know that he is 
not in Nature, but eternally separate from Nature. The Jnani (philosopher) 
renounces everything, because his philosophy is that Nature never existed, 
neither in the past, nor present, nor will It in the future. The question of utility 
cannot be asked in these higher themes. It is very absurd to ask it; and even if it 
be asked, after a proper analysis, what do we find in this question of utility? 

The ideal of happiness, that which brings man more happiness, is of greater 
utility to him than these higher things which do not improve his material 
conditions or bring him such great happiness. All the sciences are for this one 
end, to bring happiness to humanity; and that which brings the larger amount of 
happiness, man takes and gives up that which brings a lesser amount of 
happiness. We have seen how happiness is either in the body, or in the mind, or 

/V 

in the Atman. With animals, and in the lowest human beings who are very 
much like animals, happiness is all in the body. No man can eat with the same 
pleasure as a famished dog or a wolf; so in the dog and the wolf the happiness 
is entirely in the body. In men we find a higher plane of happiness, that of 
thought; and in the Jnani there is the highest plane of happiness in the Self, the 
Atman. So to the philosopher this knowledge of the Self is of the highest 
utility, because it gives him the highest happiness possible. Sense-gratifications 
or physical things cannot be of the highest utility to him, because he does not 
find in them the same pleasure that he finds in knowledge itself; and after all, 
knowledge is the one goal and is really the highest happiness that we know. All 
who work in ignorance are, as it were, the draught animals of the Devas. The 
word Deva is here used in the sense of a wise man. All the people that work 
and toil and labour like machines do not really enjoy life, but it is the wise man 
who enjoys. A rich man buys a picture at a cost of a hundred thousand dollars 
perhaps, but it is the man who understands art that enjoys it; and if the rich man 



is without knowledge of art, it is useless to him, he is only the owner. All over 
the world, it is the wise man who enjoys the happiness of the world. The 
ignorant man never enjoys; he has to work for others unconsciously. 

Thus far we have seen the theories of these Advaitist philosophers, how there is 
but one Atman; there cannot be two. We have seen how in the whole of this 
universe there is but One Existence; and that One Existence when seen through 
the senses is called the world, the world of matter. When It is seen through the 
mind, It is called the world of thoughts and ideas; and when It is seen as it is, 
then It is the One Infinite Being. You must bear this in mind; it is not that there 
is a soul in man, although I had to take that for granted in order to explain it at 
first, but that there is only One Existence, and that one the Atman, the Self; and 
when this is perceived through the senses, through sense-imageries, It is called 
the body. When It is perceived through thought, It is called the mind. When It 
is perceived in Its own nature, It is the Atman, the One Only Existence. So it is 
not that there are three things in one, the body and the mind and the Self, 
although that was a convenient way of putting it in the course of explanation; 
but all is that Atman, and that one Being is sometimes called the body, 
sometimes the mind, and sometimes the Self, according to different vision. 
There is but one Being which the ignorant call the world. When a man goes 
higher in knowledge, he calls the very same Being the world of thought. Again, 
when knowledge itself comes, all illusions vanish, and man finds it is all 
nothing but Atman. I am that One Existence. This is the last conclusion. There 
are neither three nor two in the universe; it is all One. That One, under the 
illusion of Maya, is seen as many, just as a rope is seen as a snake. It is the very 
rope that is seen as a snake. There are not two things there, a rope separate and 
a snake separate. No man sees these two things there at the same time. Dualism 
and non-dualism are very good philosophic terms, but in perfect perception we 
never perceive the real and the false at the same time. We are all born monists, 
we cannot help it. We always perceive the one. When we perceive the rope, we 
do not perceive the snake at all; and when we see the snake, we do not see the 
rope at all — it has vanished. When you see illusion, you do not see reality. 
Suppose you see one of your friends coming at a distance in the street; you 
know him very well, but through the haze and mist that is before you, you think 
it is another man. When you see your friend as another man, you do not see 
your friend at all, he has vanished. You are perceiving only one. Suppose your 



friend is Mr. A; but when you perceive Mr. A as Mr. B. you do not see Mr. A 
at all. In each case you perceive only one. When you see yourself as a body, 
you are body and nothing else; and that is the perception of the vast majority of 
mankind. They may talk of soul and mind, and all these things, but what they 
perceive is the physical form, the touch, taste, vision, and so on. Again, with 
certain men in certain states of consciousness, they perceive themselves as 
thought. You know, of course, the story told of Sir Humphrey Davy, who has 
making experiments before his class with laughing-gas, and suddenly one of 
the tubes broke, and the gas escaping, he breathed it in. For some moments he 
remained like a statue. Afterwards he told his class that when he was in that 
state, he actually perceived that the whole world is made up of ideas. The gas, 
for a time, made him forget the consciousness of the body, and that very thing 
which he was seeing as the body, he began to perceive as ideas. When the 
consciousness rises still higher, when this little puny consciousness is gone for 
ever, that which is the Reality behind shines, and we see it as the One 
Existence-Knowledge-Bliss, the one Atman, the Universal. "One that is only 
Knowledge itself, One that is Bliss itself, beyond all compare, beyond all limit, 
ever free, never bound, infinite as the sky, unchangeable as the sky. Such a One 
will manifest Himself in your heart in meditation." 

How does the Advaitist theory explain these various phases of heaven and hells 
and these various ideas we find in all religions? When a man dies, it is said that 
he goes to heaven or hell, goes here or there, or that when a man dies he is born 
again in another body either in heaven or in another world or somewhere. 

These are all hallucinations. Really speaking nobody is ever born or dies. There 
is neither heaven nor hell nor this world; all three never really existed. Tell a 
child a lot of ghost stories, add let him go out into the street in the evening. 
There is a little stump of a tree. What does the child see? A ghost, with hands 
stretched out, ready to grab him. Suppose a man comes from the corner of the 
street, wanting to meet his sweetheart; he sees that stump of the tree as the girl. 
A policeman coming from the street corner sees the stump as a thief. The thief 
sees it as a policeman. It is the same stump of a tree that was seen in various 
ways. The stump is the reality, and the visions of the stump are the projections 
of the various minds. There is one Being, this Self; It neither comes nor goes. 
When a man is ignorant, he wants to go to heaven or some place, and all his 
life he has been thinking and thinking of this; and when this earth dream 



vanishes, he sees this world as a heaven with Devas and angels flying about, 
and all such things. If a man all his life desires to meet his forefathers, he gets 
them all from Adam downwards, because he creates them. If a man is still more 
ignorant and has always been frightened by fanatics with ideas of hell, with all 
sorts of punishments, when he dies, he will see this very world as hell. All that 
is meant by dying or being born is simply changes in the plane of vision. 
Neither do you move, nor does that move upon which you project your vision. 
You are the permanent, the unchangeable. How can you come and go? It is 
impossible; you are omnipresent. The sky never moves, but the clouds move 
over the surface of the sky, and we may think that the sky itself moves, just as 
when you are in a railway train, you think the land is moving. It is not so, but it 
is the train which is moving. You are where you are; these dreams, these 
various clouds move. One dream follows another without connection. There is 
no such thing as law or connection in this world, but we are thinking that there 
is a great deal of connection. All of you have probably read Alice in 
Wonderland. It is the most wonderful book for children that has been written in 
this century When I read it, I was delighted; it was always in my head to write 
that sort of a book for children. What pleased me most in it was what you think 
most incongruous, that there is no connection there. One idea comes and jumps 
into another, without any connection. When you were children, you thought 
that the most wonderful connection. So this man brought back his thoughts of 
childhood, which were perfectly connected to him as a child, and composed 
this book for children. And all these books which men write, trying to make 
children swallow their own ideas as men, are nonsense. We too are grown-up 
children, that is all. The world is the same unconnected thing — Alice in 
Wonderland — with no connection whatever. When we see things happen a 
number of times in a certain sequence, we call it cause and effect, and say that 
the thing will happen again. When this dream changes, another dream will 
seem quite as connected as this. When we dream, the things we see all seem to 
be connected; during the dream we never think they are incongruous; it is only 
when we wake that we see the want of connection. When we wake from this 
dream of the world and compare it with the Reality, it will be found all 
incongruous nonsense, a mass of incongruity passing before us, we do not 
know whence or whither, but we know it will end; and this is called Maya, and 
is like masses of fleeting fleecy clouds. They represent all this changing 
existence, and the sun itself, the unchanging, is you. When you look at that 



unchanging Existence from the outside, you call it God; and when you look at 
it from the inside, you call it yourself. It is but one. There is no God separate 
from you, no God higher than you, the real "you". All the gods are little beings 
to you, all the ideas of God and Father in heaven are but your own reflection. 
God Himself is your image. "God created man after His own image." That is 
wrong. Man creates God after his own image. That is right. Throughout the 
universe we are creating gods after our own image. We create the god and fall 
down at his feet and worship him; and when this dream comes, we love it! 

This is a good point to understand — that the sum and substance of this lecture 
is that there is but One Existence, and that One-Existence seen through 
different constitutions appears either as the earth, or heaven, or hell, or gods, or 
ghosts, or men, or demons, or world, or all these things. But among these 
many, "He who sees that One in this ocean of death, he who sees that One Life 
in this floating universe, who realises that One who never changes, unto him 
belongs eternal peace; unto none else, unto none else." This One existence has 
to be realised. How, is the next question. How is it to be realised? How is this 
dream to be broken, how shall we wake up from this dream that we are little 
men and women, and all such things? We are the Infinite Being of the universe 
and have become materialised into these little beings, men and women, 
depending upon the sweet word of one man, or the angry word of another, and 
so forth. What a terrible dependence, what a terrible slavery ! I who am beyond 
all pleasure and pain, whose reflection is the whole universe, little bits of 
whose life are the suns and moons and stars — I am held down as a terrible 
slave! If you pinch my body, I feel pain. If one says a kind word, I begin to 
rejoice. See my condition — slave of the body, slave of the mind, slave of the 
world, slave of a good word, slave of a bad word, slave of passion, slave of 
happiness, slave of life, slave of death, slave of everything! This slavery has to 
be broken. How? "This Atman has first to be heard, then reasoned upon, and 
then meditated upon." This is the method of the Advaita Jnani. The truth has to 
be heard, then reflected upon, and then to be constantly asserted. Think always, 
"I am Brahman". Every other thought must be cast aside as weakening. Cast 
aside every thought that says that you are men or women. Let body go, and 
mind go, and gods go, and ghosts go. Let everything go but that One Existence. 
"Where one hears another, where one sees another, that is small; where one 
does not hear another, where one does not see another, that is Infinite." That is 



the highest when the subject and the object become one. When I am the listener 
and I am the speaker, when I am the teacher and I am the taught, when I am the 
creator and I am the created — then alone fear ceases; there is not another to 
make us afraid. There is nothing but myself, what can frighten me? This is to 
be heard day after day. Get rid of all other thoughts. Everything else must be 
thrown aside, and this is to be repeated continually, poured through the ears 
until it reaches the heart, until every nerve and muscle, every drop of blood 
tingles with the idea that I am He, I am He. Even at the gate of death say, "I am 
He". There was a man in India, a Sannyasin, who used to repeat "Shivoham" — 
"I am Bliss Eternal"; and a tiger jumped on him one day and dragged him away 
and killed him; but so long as he was living, the sound came, "Shivoham, 
Shivoham". Even at the gate of death, in the greatest danger, in the thick of the 
battlefield, at the bottom of the ocean, on the tops of the highest mountains, in 
the thickest of the forest, tell yourself, "I am He, I am He". Day and night say, 

"I am He". It is the greatest strength; it is religion. "The weak will never reach 
the Atman." Never say, "O Lord, I am a miserable sinner." Who will help you? 
You are the help of the universe. What in this universe can help you? Where is 
the man, or the god, or the demon to help you? What can prevail over you? 

You are the God of the universe; where can you seek for help? Never help 
came from anywhere but from yourself. In your ignorance, every prayer that 
you made and that was answered, you thought was answered by some Being, 
but you answered the prayer yourself unknowingly. The help came from 
yourself, and you fondly imagined that some one was sending help to you. 
There is no help for you outside of yourself; you are the creator of the universe. 
Like the silkworm you have built a cocoon around yourself. Who will save 
you? Burst your own cocoon and come out as the beautiful butterfly, as the free 
soul. Then alone you will see Truth. Ever tell yourself, "I am He." These are 
words that will burn up the dross that is in the mind, words that will bring out 
the tremendous energy which is within you already, the infinite power which is 
sleeping in your heart. This is to be brought out by constantly hearing the truth 
and nothing else. Wherever there is thought of weakness, approach not the 
place. Avoid all weakness if you want to be a Jnani. 

Before you begin to practice, clear your mind of all doubts. Fight and reason 
and argue; and when you have established it in your mind that this and this 
alone can be the truth and nothing else, do not argue any more; close your 



mouth. Hear not argumentation, neither argue yourself. What is the use of any 
more arguments? You have satisfied yourself, you have decided the question. 
What remains? The truth has now to be realised, therefore why waste valuable 
time in vain arguments? The truth has now to be meditated upon, and every 
idea that strengthens you must be taken up and every thought that weakens you 
must be rejected. The Bhakta meditates upon forms and images and all such 
things and upon God. This is the natural process, but a slower one. The Yogi 
meditates upon various centres in his body and manipulates powers in his 
mind. The Jnani says, the mind does not exist, neither the body. This idea of 
the body and of the mind must go, must be driven off; therefore it is foolish to 
think of them. It would be like trying to cure one ailment by bringing in 
another. His meditation therefore is the most difficult one, the negative; he 
denies everything, and what is left is the Self. This is the most analytical way. 
The Jnani wants to tear away the universe from the Self by the sheer force of 
analysis. It is very easy to say, "I am a Jnani", but very hard to be really one. 
"The way is long", it is, as it were, walking on the sharp edge of a razor; yet 
despair not. "Awake, arise, and stop not until the goal is reached", say the 
Vedas. 

So what is the meditation of the Jnani? He wants to rise above every idea of 
body or mind, to drive away the idea that he is the body. For instance, when I 
say, "I Swami", immediately the idea of the body comes. What must I do then? 
I must give the mind a hard blow and say, "No, I am not the body, I am the 
Self." Who cares if disease comes or death in the most horrible form? I am not 
the body. Why make the body nice? To enjoy the illusion once more? To 
continue the slavery? Let it go, I am not the body. That is the way of the Jnani. 
The Bhakta says, "The Lord has given me this body that I may safely cross the 
ocean of life, and I must cherish it until the journey is accomplished." The Yogi 
says, "I must be careful of the body, so that I may go on steadily and finally 
attain liberation." The Jnani feels that he cannot wait, he must reach the goal 
this very moment. He says, "I am free through eternity, I am never bound; I am 
the God of the universe through all eternity. Who shall make me perfect? I am 
perfect already." When a man is perfect, he sees perfection in others. When he 
sees imperfection, it is his own mind projecting itself. How can he see 
imperfection if he has not got it in himself? So the Jnani does not care for 
perfection or imperfection. None exists for him. As soon as he is free, he does 



not see good and evil. Who sees evil and good? He who has it in himself. Who 
sees the body? He who thinks he is the body. The moment you get rid of the 
idea that you are the body, you do not see the world at all; it vanishes for ever. 
The Jnani seeks to tear himself away from this bondage of matter by the force 
of intellectual conviction. This is the negative way — the "Neti, Neti" — "Not 
this, not this." 



» 



Complete Works of Swami Vivekananda 
Volume 3 

Bhakti-Yoga 

Definition of Bhakti 

The Philosophy of Ishvara 

Spiritual Realisation, the aim of Bhakti-Yoga 

The Need of Guru 

Qualifications of the Aspirant and the Teacher 
Incarnate Teachers and Incarnation 
The Mantra: Om: Word and Wisdom 
Worship of Substitutes and Images 
The Chosen Ideal 



The Method and the Means 



« 



Home / Complete- Works / Volume 3 / Bhakti-Yoga / 



CHAPTER I 
PRAYER 



e d ^T: pm H ter i 

pT ^5^ 3TH^Tr fefef HT^fT II 

p wiM fejrft t iffl® I 

3TPT^TO^r WU W'Rt .mij II 



"He is the Soul of the Universe; He is Immortal; His is the Rulership; He is the 
All-knowing, the All-pervading, the Protector of the Universe, the Eternal 
Ruler. None else is there efficient to govern the world eternally. He who at the 
beginning of creation projected Brahma (i.e. the universal consciousness), and 
who delivered the Vedas unto him — seeking liberation I go for refuge unto 

/V 

that effulgent One, whose light turns the understanding towards the Atman." 



Shvetashvatara-Upanishad, VI. 17-18. 



DEFINITION OF BHAKTI 

Bhakti-Yoga is a real, genuine search after the Lord, a search beginning, 
continuing, and ending in love. One single moment of the madness of extreme 
love to God brings us eternal freedom. "Bhakti", says Narada in his explanation 
of the Bhakti- aphorisms, "is intense love to God"; "When a man gets it, he 
loves all, hates none; he becomes satisfied for ever"; "This love cannot be 
reduced to any earthly benefit", because so long as worldly desires last, that 
kind of love does not come; "Bhakti is greater than karma, greater than Yoga, 
because these are intended for an object in view, while Bhakti is its own 
fruition, its own means and its own end." 

Bhakti has been the one constant theme of our sages. Apart from the special 
writers on Bhakti, such as Shandilya or Narada, the great commentators on the 
Vyasa-Sutras , evidently advocates of knowledge (Jnana), have also something 
very suggestive to say about love. Even when the commentator is anxious to 
explain many, if not all, of the texts so as to make them import a sort of dry 



knowledge, the Sutras , in the chapter on worship especially, do not lend 
themselves to be easily manipulated in that fashion. 

There is not really so much difference between knowledge (Jnana) and love 
(Bhakti) as people sometimes imagine. We shall see, as we go on, that in the 
end they converge and meet at the same point. So also is it with Raj a- Yoga, 
which when pursued as a means to attain liberation, and not (as unfortunately it 
frequently becomes in the hands of charlatans and mystery-mongers) as an 
instrument to hoodwink the unwary, leads us also to the same goal. 

The one great advantage of Bhakti is that it is the easiest and the most natural 
way to reach the great divine end in view; its great disadvantage is that in its 
lower forms it oftentimes degenerates into hideous fanaticism. The fanatical 
crew in Hinduism, or Mohammedanism, or Christianity, have always been 
almost exclusively recruited from these worshippers on the lower planes of 
Bhakti. That singleness of attachment (Nishtha) to a loved object, without 
which no genuine love can grow, is very often also the cause of the 
denunciation of everything else. All the weak and undeveloped minds in every 
religion or country have only one way of loving their own ideal, i.e. by hating 
every other ideal. Herein is the explanation of why the same man who is so 
lovingly attached to his own ideal of God, so devoted to his own ideal of 
religion, becomes a howling fanatic as soon as he sees or hears anything of any 
other ideal. This kind of love is somewhat like the canine instinct of guarding 
the master's property from intrusion; only, the instinct of the dog is better than 
the reason of man, for the dog never mistakes its master for an enemy in 
whatever dress he may come before it. Again, the fanatic loses all power of 
judgment. Personal considerations are in his case of such absorbing interest that 
to him it is no question at all what a man says — whether it is right or wrong; 
but the one thing he is always particularly careful to know is who says it. The 
same man who is kind, good, honest, and loving to people of his own opinion, 
will not hesitate to do the vilest deeds when they are directed against persons 
beyond the pale of his own religious brotherhood. 

But this danger exists only in that stage of Bhakti which is called the 
preparatory (Gauni). When Bhakti has become ripe and has passed into that 
form which is called the supreme (Para), no more is there any fear of these 



hideous manifestations of fanaticism; that soul which is overpowered by this 
higher form of Bhakti is too near the God of Love to become an instrument for 
the diffusion of hatred. 

It is not given to all of us to be harmonious in the building up of our characters 
in this life: yet we know that that character is of the noblest type in which all 
these three — knowledge and love and Yoga — are harmoniously fused. Three 
things are necessary for a bird to fly — the two wings and the tail as a rudder 
for steering. Jnana (Knowledge) is the one wing, Bhakti (Love) is the other, 
and Yoga is the tail that keeps up the balance. For those who cannot pursue all 
these three forms of worship together in harmony and take up, therefore, Bhakti 
alone as their way, it is necessary always to remember that forms and 
ceremonials, though absolutely necessary for the progressive soul, have no 
other value than taking us on to that state in which we feel the most intense 
love to God. 

There is a little difference in opinion between the teachers of knowledge and 
those of love, though both admit the power of Bhakti. The Jnanis hold Bhakti 
to be an instrument of liberation, the Bhaktas look upon it both as the 
instrument and the thing to be attained. To my mind this is a distinction without 
much difference. In fact, Bhakti, when used as an instrument, really means a 
lower form of worship, and the higher form becomes inseparable from the 
lower form of realisation at a later stage. Each seems to lay a great stress upon 
his own peculiar method of worship, forgetting that with perfect love true 
knowledge is bound to come even unsought, and that from perfect knowledge 
true love is inseparable. 

Bearing this in mind let us try to understand what the great Vedantic 
commentators have to say on the subject. In explaining the Sutra 
Avrittirasakridupadeshat (Meditation is necessary, that having been often enjoined.), 
Bhagavan Shankara says, "Thus people say, 'He is devoted to the king, he is 
devoted to the Guru'; they say this of him who follows his Guru, and does so, 
having that following as the one end in view. Similarly they say, 'The loving 
wife meditates on her loving husband'; here also a kind of eager and continuous 
remembrance is meant." This is devotion according to Shankara. 



"Meditation again is a constant remembrance (of the thing meditated upon) 
flowing like an unbroken stream of oil poured out from one vessel to another. 
When this kind of remembering has been attained (in relation to God) all 
bandages break. Thus it is spoken of in the scriptures regarding constant 
remembering as a means to liberation. This remembering again is of the same 
form as seeing, because it is of the same meaning as in the passage, 'When He 
who is far and near is seen, the bonds of the heart are broken, all doubts vanish, 
and all effects of work disappear' He who is near can be seen, but he who is far 
can only be remembered. Nevertheless the scripture says that he have to see 
Him who is near as well as Him who, is far, thereby indicating to us that the 
above kind of remembering is as good as seeing. This remembrance when 
exalted assumes the same form as seeing. . . . Worship is constant remembering 
as may be seen from the essential texts of scriptures. Knowing, which is the 
same as repeated worship, has been described as constant remembering. . . . 
Thus the memory, which has attained to the height of what is as good as direct 
perception, is spoken of in the Shruti as a means of liberation. 'This Atman is 
not to be reached through various sciences, nor by intellect, nor by much study 
of the Vedas. Whomsoever this Atman desires, by him is the Atman attained, 
unto him this Atman discovers Himself.' Here, after saying that mere hearing, 
thinking and meditating are not the means of attaining this Atman, it is said, 
'Whom this Atman desires, by him the Atman is attained.' The extremely 
beloved is desired; by whomsoever this Atman is extremely beloved, he 
becomes the most beloved of the Atman. So that this beloved may attain the 
Atman, the Lord Himself helps. For it has been said by the Lord: 'Those who 
are constantly attached to Me and worship Me with love — I give that direction 
to their will by which they come to Me.' Therefore it is said that, to 
whomsoever this remembering, which is of the same form as direct perception, 
is very dear, because it is dear to the Object of such memory perception, he is 
desired by the Supreme Atman, by him the Supreme Atman is attained. This 
constant remembrance is denoted by the word Bhakti." So says Bhagavan 
Ramanuja in his commentary on the Sutra Athato Brahma-jijnasa (Hence follows 
a dissertation on Brahman.). 

In commenting on the Sutra of Patanjali, Ishvara pranidhanadva, i.e. "Or by the 
worship of the Supreme Lord" — Bhoja says, "Pranidhana is that sort of Bhakti 
in which, without seeking results, such as sense-enjoyments etc., all works are 



dedicated to that Teacher of teachers." Bhagavan Vyasa also, when 
commenting on the same, defines Pranidhana as "the form of Bhakti by which 
the mercy of the Supreme Lord comes to the Yogi, and blesses him by granting 
him his desires". According to Shandilya, "Bhakti is intense love to God." The 
best definition is, however, that given by the king of Bhaktas, Prahlada: 



ST £ 



"That deathless love which the ignorant have for the fleeting objects of the 
senses — as I keep meditating on Thee — may not that love slip away from my 
heart!" Lovel For whom? For the Supreme Lord Ishvara. Love for any other 
being, however great cannot be Bhakti; for, as Ramanuja says in his Shri 

y\ 

Bhashya , quoting an ancient Acharya, i.e. a great teacher: 

SnWEOTFfcTT: -sUK-d l&HT: I 
T#H: II 

q t ™ I 

£ f ^R#SRT: II 

"From Brahma to a clump of grass, all things that live in the world are slaves of 
birth and death caused by Karma; therefore they cannot be helpful as objects of 
meditation, because they are all in ignorance and subject to change." In 
commenting on the word Anurakti used by Shandilya, the commentator 
Svapneshvara says that it means Anu, after, and Rakti, attachment; i.e. the 
attachment which comes after the knowledge of the nature and glory of God; 
else a blind attachment to any one, e.g. to wife or children, would be Bhakti. 

We plainly see, therefore, that Bhakti is a series or succession of mental efforts 
at religious realisation beginning with ordinary worship and ending in a 
supreme intensity of love for Ishvara. 



» 



« 



Home / Complete- Works / Volume 3 / Bhakti-Yoga / 



CHAPTER II 

THE PHILOSOPHY OF ISHVARA 

Who is Ishvara? Janmadyasya yatah — "From whom is the birth, continuation, 
and dissolution of the universe," — He is Ishvara — "the Eternal, the Pure, the 
Ever-Free, the Almighty, the All-Knowing, the All-Merciful, the Teacher of all 
teachers"; and above all, Sa Ishvarah anirvachaniya-premasvarupah — "He the 
Lord is, of His own nature, inexpressible Love." These certainly are the 
definitions of a Personal God. Are there then two Gods — the "Not this, not 
this," the Sat-chit-ananda, the Existence-Knowledge-Bliss of the philosopher, 
and this God of Love of the Bhakta? No, it is the same Sat-chit-ananda who is 
also the God of Love, the impersonal and personal in one. It has always to be 
understood that the Personal God worshipped by the Bhakta is not separate or 
different from the Brahman. All is Brahman, the One without a second; only 
the Brahman, as unity or absolute, is too much of an abstraction to be loved and 
worshipped; so the Bhakta chooses the relative aspect of Brahman, that is, 
Ishvara, the Supreme Ruler. To use a simile: Brahman is as the clay or 
substance out of which an infinite variety of articles are fashioned. As clay, 
they are all one; but form or manifestation differentiates them. Before every 
one of them was made, they all existed potentially in the clay, and, of course, 
they are identical substantially; but when formed, and so long as the form 
remains, they are separate and different; the clay-mouse can never become a 
clay-elephant, because, as manifestations, form alone makes them what they 
are, though as unformed clay they are all one. Ishvara is the highest 
manifestation of the Absolute Reality, or in other words, the highest possible 
reading of the Absolute by the human mind. Creation is eternal, and so also is 
Ishvara. 

In the fourth Pada of the fourth chapter of his Sutras , after stating the almost 
infinite power and knowledge which will come to the liberated soul after the 
attainment of Moksha, Vyasa makes the remark, in an aphorism, that none, 
however, will get the power of creating, ruling, and dissolving the universe, 
because that belongs to God alone. In explaining the Sutra it is easy for the 
dualistic commentators to show how it is ever impossible for a subordinate 



soul, Jiva, to have the infinite power and total independence of God. The 
thorough dualistic commentator Madhvacharya deals with this passage in his 
usual summary method by quoting a verse from the Varaha Purana. 

In explaining this aphorism the commentator Ramanuja says, "This doubt being 
raised, whether among the powers of the liberated souls is included that unique 
power of the Supreme One, that is, of creation etc. of the universe and even the 
Lordship of all, or whether, without that, the glory of the liberated consists only 
in the direct perception of the Supreme One, we get as an argument the 
following: It is reasonable that the liberated get the Lordship of the universe, 
because the scriptures say, 'He attains to extreme sameness with the Supreme 
One and all his desires are realised.' Now extreme sameness and realisation of 
all desires cannot be attained without the unique power of the Supreme Lord, 
namely, that of governing the universe. Therefore, to attain the realisation of all 
desires and the extreme sameness with the Supreme, we must all admit that the 
liberated get the power of ruling the whole universe. To this we reply, that the 
liberated get all the powers except that of ruling the universe. Ruling the 
universe is guiding the form and the life and the desires of all the sentient and 
the non-sentient beings. The liberated ones from whom all that veils His true 
nature has been removed, only enjoy the unobstructed perception of the 
Brahman, but do not possess the power of ruling the universe. This is proved 
from the scriptural text, "From whom all these things are born, by which all 
that are born live, unto whom they, departing, return — ask about it. That is 
Brahman.' If this quality of ruling the universe be a quality common even to the 
liberated then this text would not apply as a definition of Brahman defining 
Him through His rulership of the universe. The uncommon attributes alone 
define a thing; therefore in texts like — 'My beloved boy, alone, in the 
beginning there existed the One without a second. That saw and felt, "I will 
give birth to the many." That projected heat.' — 'Brahman indeed alone existed 
in the beginning. That One evolved. That projected a blessed form, the Kshatra. 
All these gods are Kshatras: Varuna, Soma, Rudra, Parjanya, Yama, Mrityu, 
Ishana.' — 'Atman indeed existed alone in the beginning; nothing else vibrated; 
He thought of projecting the world; He projected the world after.' — 'Alone 
Narayana existed; neither Brahma, nor Ishana, nor the Dyava-Prithivi, nor the 
stars, nor water, nor fire, nor Soma, nor the sun. He did not take pleasure alone. 
He after His meditation had one daughter, the ten organs, etc.' — and in others 



as, 'Who living in the earth is separate from the earth, who living in the Atman, 
etc.' — the Shrutis speak of the Supreme One as the subject of the work of 
ruling the universe. . . . Nor in these descriptions of the ruling of the universe is 
there any position for the liberated soul, by which such a soul may have the 
ruling of the universe ascribed to it." 

In explaining the next Sutra, Ramanuja says, "If you say it is not so, because 
there are direct texts in the Vedas in evidence to the contrary, these texts refer 
to the glory of the liberated in the spheres of the subordinate deities." This also 
is an easy solution of the difficulty. Although the system of Ramanuja admits 
the unity of the total, within that totality of existence there are, according to 
him, eternal differences. Therefore, for all practical purposes, this system also 
being dualistic, it was easy for Ramanuja to keep the distinction between the 
personal soul and the Personal God very clear. 

We shall now try to understand what the great representative of the Advaita 
School has to say on the point. We shall see how the Advaita system maintains 
all the hopes and aspirations of the dualist intact, and at the same time 
propounds its own solution of the problem in consonance with the high destiny 
of divine humanity. Those who aspire to retain their individual mind even after 
liberation and to remain distinct will have ample opportunity of realising their 
aspirations and enjoying the blessing of the qualified Brahman. These are they 
who have been spoken of in the Bhagavata Pur ana thus: "O king, such are the, 
glorious qualities of the Lord that the sages whose only pleasure is in the Self, 
and from whom all fetters have fallen off, even they love the Omnipresent with 
the love that is for love's sake." These are they who are spoken of by the 
Sankhyas as getting merged in nature in this cycle, so that, after attaining 
perfection, they may come out in the next as lords of world- systems. But none 
of these ever becomes equal to God (Ishvara). Those who attain to that state 
where there is neither creation, nor created, nor creator, where there is neither 
knower, nor knowable, nor knowledge, where there is neither /, nor thou , nor 
he , where there is neither subject, nor object, nor relation, "there, who is seen 
by whom?" — such persons have gone beyond everything to "where words 
cannot go nor mind", gone to that which the Shrutis declare as "Not this, not 
this"; but for those who cannot, or will not reach this state, there will inevitably 
remain the triune vision of the one undifferentiated Brahman as nature, soul, 



and the interpenetrating sustainer of both — Ishvara. So, when Prahlada forgot 
himself, he found neither the universe nor its cause; all was to him one Infinite, 
undifferentiated by name and form; but as soon as he remembered that he was 
Prahlada, there was the universe before him and with it the Lord of the universe 
— "the Repository of an infinite number of blessed qualities". So it was with 
the blessed Gopis. So long as they had lost sense of their own personal identity 
and individuality, they were all Krishnas, and when they began again to think 
of Him as the One to be worshipped, then they were Gopis again, and 
immediately 






(. Bhagavato ) — "Unto them appeared Krishna with a smile on His lotus face, 
clad in yellow robes and having garlands on, the embodied conqueror (in 
beauty) of the god of love." 

Now to go back to our Acharya Shankara: "Those", he says, "who by 
worshipping the qualified Brahman attain conjunction with the Supreme Ruler, 
preserving their own mind — is their glory limited or unlimited? This doubt 
arising, we get as an argument: Their glory should be unlimited because of the 
scriptural texts, 'They attain their own kingdom', 'To him all the gods offer 
worship', 'Their desires are fulfilled in all the worlds'. As an answer to this, 
Vyasa writes, 'Without the power of ruling the universe.' Barring the power of 
creation etc. of the universe, the other powers such as Anima etc. are acquired 
by the liberated. As to ruling the universe, that belongs to the eternally perfect 
Ishvara. Why? Because He is the subject of all the scriptural texts as regards 
creation etc., and the liberated souls are not mentioned therein in any 
connection whatsoever. The Supreme Lord indeed is alone engaged in ruling 
the universe. The texts as to creation etc. all point to Him. Besides, there is 
given the adjective 'ever-perfect'. Also the scriptures say that the powers Anima 
etc. of the others are from the search after and the worship of God. Therefore 
they have no place in the ruling of the universe. Again, on account of their 
possessing their own minds, it is possible that their wills may differ, and that, 
whilst one desires creation, another may desire destruction. The only way of 
avoiding this conflict is to make all wills subordinate to some one will. 



Therefore the conclusion is that the wills of the liberated are dependent on the 
will of the Supreme Ruler." 

Bhakti, then, can be directed towards Brahman, only in His personal aspect. 

q w qZRw?RF 3 d?TR.. — "The way is more difficult for those whose mind 
is attached to the Absolute!" Bhakti has to float on smoothly with the current of 
our nature. True it is that we cannot have; any idea of the Brahman which is not 
anthropomorphic, but is it not equally true of everything we know? The 
greatest psychologist the world has ever known, Bhagavan Kapila, 
demonstrated ages ago that human consciousness is one of the elements in the 
make-up of all the objects of our perception and conception, internal as well as 
external. Beginning with our bodies and going up to Ishvara, we may see that 
every object of our perception is this consciousness plus something else, 
whatever that may be; and this unavoidable mixture is what we ordinarily think 
of as reality. Indeed it is, and ever will be, all of the reality that is possible for 
the human mind to know. Therefore to say that Ishvara is unreal, because He is 
anthropomorphic, is sheer nonsense. It sounds very much like the occidentals 
squabble on idealism and realism, which fearful-looking quarrel has for its 
foundation a mere play on the word "real". The idea of Ishvara covers all the 
ground ever denoted and connoted by the word real, and Ishvara is as real as 
anything else in the universe; and after all, the word real means nothing more 
than what has now been pointed out. Such is our philosophical conception of 
Ishvara. 



» 



« 



Home / Complete- Works / Volume 3 / Bhakti-Yoga / 



CHAPTER IV 
THE NEED OF GURU 

Every soul is destined to be perfect, and every being, in the end, will attain the 
state of perfection. Whatever we are now is the result of our acts and thoughts 
in the past; and whatever we shall be in the future will be the result of what we 
think end do now. But this, the shaping of our own destinies, does not preclude 
our receiving help from outside; nay, in the vast majority of cases such help is 
absolutely necessary. When it comes, the higher powers and possibilities of the 
soul are quickened, spiritual life is awakened, growth is animated, and man 
becomes holy and perfect in the end. 

This quickening impulse cannot be derived from books. The soul can only 
receive impulses from another soul, and from nothing else. We may study 
books all our lives, we may become very intellectual, but in the end we find 
that we have not developed at all spiritually. It is not true that a high order of 
intellectual development always goes hand in hand with a proportionate 
development of the spiritual side in Man. In studying books we are sometimes 
deluded into thinking that thereby we are being spiritually helped; but if we 
analyse the effect of the study of books on ourselves, we shall find that at the 
utmost it is only our intellect that derives profit from such studies, and not our 
inner spirit. This inadequacy of books to quicken spiritual growth is the reason 
why, although almost every one of us can speak most wonderfully on spiritual 
matters, when it comes to action and the living of a truly spiritual life, we find 
ourselves so awfully deficient. To quicken the spirit, the impulse must come 
from another soul. 

The person from whose soul such impulse comes is called the Guru — the 
teacher; and the person to whose soul the impulse is conveyed is called the 
Shishya — the student. To convey such an impulse to any soul, in the first 
place, the soul from which it proceeds must possess the power of transmitting 
it, as it were, to another; and in the second place, the soul to which it is 
transmitted must be fit to receive it. The seed must be a living seed, and the 
field must be ready ploughed; and when both these conditions are fulfilled, a 



wonderful growth of genuine religion takes place. "The true preacher of 
religion has to be of wonderful capabilities, and clever shall his hearer be" — 
SMJft e^Tf ; and when both of these are really wonderful and 

extraordinary, then will a splendid spiritual awakening result, and not 
otherwise. Such alone are the real teachers, and such alone are also the real 
students, the real aspirants. All others are only playing with spirituality. They 
have just a little curiosity awakened, just a little intellectual aspiration kindled 
in them, but are merely standing on the outward fringe of the horizon of 
religion. There is no doubt some value even in that, as it may in course of time 
result in the awakening of a real thirst for religion; and it is a mysterious law of 
nature that as soon as the field is ready, the seed must and does come; as soon 
as the soul earnestly desires to have religion, the transmitter of the religious 
force must and does appear to help that soul. When the power that attracts the 
light of religion in the receiving soul is full and strong, the power which 
answers to that attraction and sends in light does come as a matter of course. 

There are, however, certain great dangers in the way. There is, for instance, the 
danger to the receiving soul of its mistaking momentary emotions for real 
religious yearning. We may study that in ourselves. Many a time in our lives, 
somebody dies whom we loved; we receive a blow; we feel that the world is 
slipping between our fingers, that we want something surer and higher, and that 
we must become religious. In a few days that wave of feeling has passed away, 
and we are left stranded just where we were before. We are all of us often 
mistaking such impulses for real thirst after religion; but as long as these 
momentary emotions are thus mistaken, that continuous, real craving of the 
soul for religion will not come, and we shall not find the true transmitter of 
spirituality into our nature. So whenever we are tempted to complain of our 
search after the truth that we desire so much, proving vain, instead of so 
complaining, our first duty ought to be to look into our own souls and find 
whether the craving in the heart is real. Then in the vast majority of cases it 
would be discovered that we were not fit for receiving the truth, that there was 
no real thirst for spirituality. 

There are still greater dangers in regard to the transmitter , the Guru. There are 
many who, though immersed in ignorance, yet, in the pride of their hearts, 
fancy they know everything, and not only do not stop there, but offer to take 



others on their shoulders; and thus the blind leading the blind, both fall into the 
ditch. 



T %: I 

d.<WW|U|l: qfM^d m S&Ffc fmR] ^-TP4I: II 

— "Fools dwelling in darkness, wise in their own conceit, and puffed up with 
vain knowledge, go round and round staggering to and fro, like blind men led 
by the blind." — (Katha Up., I. ii. 5). The world is full of these. Every one 
wants to be a teacher, every beggar wants to make a gift of a million dollars ! 
Just as these beggars are ridiculous, so are these teachers. 

» 



Home / Complete- Works / Volume 3 / Bhakti-Yoga / 

« 

CHAPTER V 

QUALIFICATIONS OF THE ASPIRANT AND THE TEACHER 

How are we to know a teacher, then? The sun requires no torch to make him 
visible, we need not light a candle in order to see him. When the sun rises, we 
instinctively become aware of the fact, and when a teacher of men comes to 
help us, the soul will instinctively know that truth has already begun to shine 
upon it. Truth stands on its own evidence, it does not require any other 
testimony to prove it true, it is self effulgent. It penetrates into the innermost 
corners of our nature, and in its presence the whole universe stands up and 
says, "This is truth." The teachers whose wisdom and truth shine like the light 
of the sun are the very greatest the world has known, and they are worshipped 
as God by the major portion of mankind. But we may get help from 
comparatively lesser ones also; only we ourselves do not possess intuition 
enough to judge properly of the man from whom we receive teaching and 
guidance; so there ought to be certain tests, certain conditions, for the teacher 
to satisfy, as there are also for the taught. 

The conditions necessary for the taught are purity, a real thirst after knowledge, 
and perseverance. No impure soul can be really religious. Purity in thought, 
speech, and act is absolutely necessary for any one to be religious. As to the 
thirst after knowledge, it is an old law that we all get whatever we want. None 
of us can get anything other than what we fix our hearts upon. To pant for 
religion truly is a very difficult thing, not at all so easy as we generally 
imagine. Hearing religious talks or reading religious books is no proof yet of a 
real want felt in the heart; there must be a continuous struggle, a constant fight, 
an unremitting grappling with our lower nature, till the higher want is actually 
felt and the victory is achieved. It is not a question of one or two days, of years, 
or of lives; the struggle may have to go on for hundreds of lifetimes. The 
success sometimes may come immediately, but we must be ready to wait 
patiently even for what may look like an infinite length of time. The student 
who sets out with such a spirit of perseverance will surely find success and 
realisation at last. 



In regard to the teacher, we must see that he knows the spirit of the scriptures. 
The whole world reads Bibles, Vedas, and Korans; but they are all only words, 
syntax, etymology, philology, the dry bones of religion. The teacher who deals 
too much in words and allows the mind to be carried away by the force of 
words loses the spirit. It is the knowledge of the spirit of the scriptures alone 
that constitutes the true religious teacher. The network of the words of the 
scriptures is like a huge forest in which the human mind often loses itself and 
finds no way out. f^Ff WTiOTT. I — "The network of words is a big 

forest; it is the cause of a curious wandering of the mind." "The various 
methods of joining words, the various methods of speaking in beautiful 
language, the various methods of explaining the diction of the scriptures are 
only for the disputations and enjoyment of the learned, they do not conduce to 
the development of spiritual perception" 

fear fefi q 3 ii 

— Those who employ such methods to impart religion to others are only 
desirous to show off their learning, so that the world may praise them as great 
scholars. You will find that no one of the great teachers of the world ever went 
into these various explanations of the text; there is with them no attempt at 
"text- torturing", no eternal playing upon the meaning of words and their roots. 
Yet they nobly taught, while others who have nothing to teach have taken up a 
word sometimes and written a three- volume book on its origin, on the man who 
used it first, and on what that man was accustomed to eat, and how long he 
slept, and so on. 

Bhagavan Ramakrishna used to tell a story of some men who went into a 
mango orchard and busied themselves in counting the leaves, the twigs, and the 
branches, examining their colour, comparing their size, and noting down 
everything most carefully, and then got up a learned discussion on each of 
these topics, which were undoubtedly highly interesting to them. But one of 
them, more sensible than the others, did not care for all these things, and 
instead thereof, began to eat the mango fruit. And was he not wise? So leave 
this counting of leaves and twigs and note-taking to others. This kind of work 
has its proper place, but not here in the spiritual domain. You never see a 



strong spiritual man among these "leaf counters". Religion, the highest aim, the 
highest glory of man, does not require so much labour. If you want to be a 
Bhakta, it is not at all necessary for you to know whether Krishna was born in 
Mathura or in Vraja, what he was doing, or just the exact date on which he 
pronounced the teachings of the Gita. You only require to feel the craving for 
the beautiful lessons of duty and love in the Gita. All the other particulars about 
it and its author are for the enjoyment of the learned. Let them have what they 
desire. Say "Shantih, Shantih" to their learned controversies, and let us "eat the 
mangoes". 

The second condition necessary in the teacher is — sinlessness. The question is 
often asked, "Why should we look into the character and personality of a 
teacher? We have only to judge of what he says, and take that up." This is not 
right. If a man wants to teach me something of dynamics, or chemistry, or any 
other physical science, he may be anything he likes, because what the physical 
sciences require is merely an intellectual equipment; but in the spiritual 
sciences it is impossible from first to last that there can be any spiritual light in 
the soul that is impure. What religion can an impure man teach? The sine qua 
non of acquiring spiritual truth for one's self or for imparting it to others is the 
purity of heart and soul. A vision of God or a glimpse of the beyond never 
comes until the soul is pure. Hence with the teacher of religion we must see 
first what he is, and then what he says. He must be perfectly pure, and then 
alone comes the value of his words, because he is only then the true 
"transmitter". What can he transmit if he has not spiritual power in himself? 
There must be the worthy vibration of spirituality in the mind of the teacher, so 
that it may be sympathetically conveyed to the mind of the taught. The function 
of the teacher is indeed an affair of the transference of something, and not one 
of mere stimulation of the existing intellectual or other faculties in the taught. 
Something real and appreciable as an influence comes from the teacher and 
goes to the taught. Therefore the teacher must be pure. 

The third condition is in regard to the motile. The teacher must not teach with 
any ulterior selfish motive — for money, name, or fame; his work must be 
simply out of love, out of pure love for mankind at large. The only medium 
through which spiritual force can be transmitted is love. Any selfish motive, 
such as the desire for gain or for name, will immediately destroy this conveying 



median. God is love, and only he who has known God as love can be a teacher 
of godliness and God to man. 

When you see that in your teacher these conditions are all fulfilled, you are 
safe; if they are not, it is unsafe to allow yourself to be taught by him, for there 
is the great danger that, if he cannot convey goodness to your heart, he may 
convey wickedness. This danger must by all means be guarded against. 

4 — "He who is learned in the scriptures, sinless, 

unpolluted by lust, and is the greatest knower of the Brahman" is the real 
teacher. 

From what has been said, it naturally follows that we cannot be taught to love, 
appreciate, and assimilate religion everywhere and by everybody. The "books 
in the running brooks, sermons in stones, and good in everything" is all very 
true as a poetical figure: but nothing can impart to a man a single grain of truth 
unless he has the undeveloped germs of it in himself. To whom do the stones 
and brooks preach sermons? To the human soul, the lotus of whose inner holy 
shrine is already quick with life. And the light which causes the beautiful 
opening out of this lotus comes always from the good and wise teacher. When 
the heart has thus been opened, it becomes fit to receive teaching from the 
stones or the brooks, the stars, or the sun, or the moon, or from any thing which 
has its existence in our divine universe; but the unopened heart will see in them 
nothing but mere stones or mere brooks. A blind man may go to a museum, but 
he will not profit by it in any way; his eyes must be opened first, and then alone 
he will be able to learn what the things in the museum can teach. 

This eye-opener of the aspirant after religion is the teacher. With the teacher, 
therefore, our relationship is the same as that between an ancestor and his 
descendant. Without faith, humility, submission, and veneration in our hearts 
towards our religious teacher, there cannot be any growth of religion in us; and 
it is a significant fact that, where this kind of relation between the teacher and 
the taught prevails, there alone gigantic spiritual men are growing; while in 
those countries which have neglected to keep up this kind of relation the 
religious teacher has become a mere lecturer, the teacher expecting his five 
dollars and the person taught expecting his brain to be filled with the teacher's 
words, and each going his own way after this much has been done. Under such 



circumstances spirituality becomes almost an unknown quantity. There is none 
to transmit it and none to have it transmitted to. Religion with such people 
becomes business; they think they can obtain it with their dollars. Would to 
God that religion could be obtained so easily! But unfortunately it cannot be. 

Religion, which is the highest knowledge and the highest wisdom, cannot be 
bought, nor can it be acquired from books. You may thrust your head into all 
the corners of the world, you may explore the Himalayas, the Alps, and the 
Caucasus, you may sound the bottom of the sea and pry into every nook of 
Tibet and the desert of Gobi, you will not find it anywhere until your heart is 
ready for receiving it and your teacher has come. And when that divinely 
appointed teacher comes, serve him with childlike confidence and simplicity, 
freely open your heart to his influence, and see in him God manifested. Those 
who come to seek truth with such a spirit of love and veneration, to them the 
Lord of Truth reveals the most wonderful things regarding truth, goodness, and 
beauty. 



» 



« 



Home / Complete- Works / Volume 3 / Bhakti-Yoga / 



CHAPTER VI 



INCARNATE TEACHERS AND INCARNATION 



Wherever His name is spoken, that very place is holy. How much more so is 
the man who speaks His name, and with what veneration ought we to approach 
that man out of whom comes to us spiritual truth! Such great teachers of 
spiritual truth are indeed very few in number in this world, but the world is 
never altogether without them. They are always the fairest flowers of human 
life — — "the ocean of mercy without any motive". 



sirarf +ri — "Know the Guru to be Me", says Shri Krishna in the 

Bhagavata. The moment the world is absolutely bereft of these, it becomes a 
hideous hell and hastens on to its destruction. 



Higher and nobler than all ordinary ones are another set of teachers, the 
Avataras of Ishvara, in the world. They can transmit spirituality with a touch, 
even with a mere wish. The lowest and the most degraded characters become in 
one second saints at their command. They are the Teachers of all teachers, the 
highest manifestations of God through man. We cannot see God except through 
them. We cannot help worshipping them; and indeed they are the only ones 
whom we are bound to worship. 

No man can really see God except through these human manifestations. If we 
try to see God otherwise, we make for ourselves a hideous caricature of Him 
and believe the caricature to be no worse than the original. There is a story of 
an ignorant man who was asked to make an image of the God Shiva, and who, 
after days of hard struggle, manufactured only the image of a monkey. So 
whenever we try to think of God as He is in His absolute perfection, we 
invariably meet with the most miserable failure, because as long as we are men, 
we cannot conceive Him as anything higher than man. The time will come 
when we shall transcend our human nature and know Him as He is; but as long 
as we are men, we must worship Him in man and as man. Talk as you may, try 
as you may, you cannot think of God except as a man. You may deliver great 
intellectual discourses on God and on all things under the sun, become great 
rationalists and prove to your satisfaction that all these accounts of the Avataras 




of God as man are nonsense. But let us come for a moment to practical 
common sense. What is there behind this kind of remarkable intellect? Zero, 
nothing, simply so much froth. When next you hear a man delivering a great 
intellectual lecture against this worship of the Avataras of God, get hold of him 
and ask what his idea of God is, what he understands by "omnipotence", 
"omnipresence", and all similar terms, beyond the spelling of the words. He 
really means nothing by them; he cannot formulate as their meaning any idea 
unaffected by his own human nature; he is no better off in this matter than the 
man in the street who has not read a single book. That man in the street, 
however, is quiet and does not disturb the peace of the world, while this big 
talker creates disturbance and misery among mankind. Religion is, after all, 
realisation, and we must make the sharpest distinction between talk; and 
intuitive experience. What we experience in the depths of our souls is 
realisation. Nothing indeed is so uncommon as common sense in regard to this 
matter. 

By our present constitution we are limited and bound to see God as man. If, for 
instance the buffaloes want to worship God, they will, in keeping with their 
own nature, see Him as a huge buffalo; if a fish wants to worship God, it will 
have to form an Idea of Him as a big fish, and man has to think of Him as man. 
And these various conceptions are not due to morbidly active imagination. 

Man, the buffalo, and the fish all may be supposed to represent so many 
different vessels, so to say. All these vessels go to the sea of God to get filled 
with water, each according to its own shape and capacity; in the man the water 
takes the shape of man, in the buffalo, the shape of a buffalo and in the fish, the 
shape of a fish. In each of these vessels there is the same water of the sea of 
God. When men see Him, they see Him as man, and the animals, if they have 
any conception of God at all, must see Him as animal each according to its own 
ideal. So we cannot help seeing God as man, and, therefore, we are bound to 
worship Him as man. There is no other way. 

Two kinds of men do not worship God as man — the human brute who has no 
religion, and the Paramahamsa who has risen beyond all the weaknesses of 
humanity and has transcended the limits of his own human nature. To him all 
nature has become his own Self. He alone can worship God as He is. Here, too, 
as in all other cases, the two extremes meet. The extreme of ignorance and the 



other extreme of knowledge — neither of these go through acts of worship. The 
human brute does not worship because of his ignorance, and the Jivanmuktas 
(free souls) do not worship because they have realised God in themselves. 

Being between these two poles of existence, if any one tells you that he is not 
going to worship God as man, take kindly care of that man; he is, not to use 
any harsher term, an irresponsible talker; his religion is for unsound and empty 
brains. 

God understands human failings and becomes man to do good to humanity: 



to to ft T toRT toftoS ’ARd i 
toPM srtp teirzr ^=m.. I 

fPl 3 TP-f 4^1 r 4'i| II 

— "Whenever virtue subsides and wickedness prevails, I manifest Myself. To 
establish virtue, to destroy evil, to save the good I come from Yuga (age) to 
Yuga." 



.^Npl rn rpf ppifeT I 
k m ii 

— "Fools deride Me who have assumed the human form, without knowing My 
real nature as the Lord of the universe." Such is Shri Krishna's declaration in 
the Gita on Incarnation. "When a huge tidal wave comes," says Bhagavan Shri 
Ramakrishna, "all the little brooks and ditches become full to the brim without 
any effort or consciousness on their own part; so when an Incarnation comes, a 
tidal wave of spirituality breaks upon the world, and people feel spirituality 
almost full in the air." 



» 



« 



Home / Complete- Works / Volume 3 / Bhakti-Yoga / 



CHAPTER VII 

THE MANTRA: OM: WORD AND WISDOM 

But we are now considering not these Maha-purushas, the great Incarnations, 
but only the Siddha-Gurus (teachers who have attained the goal); they, as a 
rule, have to convey the germs of spiritual wisdom to the disciple by means of 
words (Mantras) to be meditated upon. What are these Mantras? The whole of 
this universe has, according to Indian philosophy, both name and form (Nama- 
Rupa) as its conditions of manifestation. In the human microcosm, there cannot 
be a single wave in the mind- stuff (Chittavritti) unconditioned by name and 
form. If it be true that nature is built throughout on the same plan, this kind of 
conditioning by name and form must also be the plan of the building of the 
whole of the cosmos. 



mi fee 



— "As one lump of clay being known, all things of clay are known", so the 
knowledge of the microcosm must lead to the knowledge of the macrocosm. 
Now form is the outer crust, of which the name or the idea is the inner essence 
or kernel. The body is the form, and the mind or the Antahkarana is the name, 
and sound-symbols are universally associated with Nama (name) in all beings 
having the power of speech. In the individual man the thought-waves rising in 
the limited Mahat or Chitta (mind-stuff), must manifest themselves, first as 
words , and then as the more concrete forms. 

In the universe, Brahma or Hiranyagarbha or the cosmic Mahat first manifested 
himself as name, and then as form, i.e. as this universe. All this expressed 
sensible universe is the form, behind which stands the eternal inexpressible 
Sphota, the manifester as Logos or Word. This eternal Sphota, the essential 
eternal material of all ideas or names is the power through which the Lord 
creates the universe, nay, the Lord first becomes conditioned as the Sphota, and 
then evolves Himself out as the yet more concrete sensible universe. This 
Sphota has one word as its only possible symbol, and this is the 3Tf (Om). And 
as by no possible means of analysis can we separate the word from the idea this 




Om and the eternal Sphota are inseparable; and therefore, it is out of this 
holiest of all holy words, the mother of all names and forms, the eternal Om, 
that the whole universe may be supposed to have been created. But it may be 
said that, although thought and word are inseparable, yet as there may be 
various word-symbols for the same thought, it is not necessary that this 
particular word Om should be the word representative of the thought, out of 
which the universe has become manifested. To this objection we reply that this 
Om is the only possible symbol which covers the whole ground, and there is 
none other like it. The Sphota is the material of all words, yet it is not any 
definite word in its fully formed state. That is to say, if all the peculiarities 
which distinguish one word from another be removed, then what remains will 
be the Sphota; therefore this Sphota is called the Nada-Brahma. the Sound- 
Brahman. 



Now, as every word-symbol, intended to express the inexpressible Sphota, will 
so particularise it that it will no longer be the Sphota, that symbol which 
particularises it the least and at the same time most approximately expresses its 
nature, will be the truest symbol thereof; and this is the Om, and the Om only; 
because these three letters (A.U.M.), pronounced in combination as Om, may 
well be the generalised symbol of all possible sounds. The letter A is the least 
differentiated of all sounds, therefore Krishna says in the Gita 



mmi — "I am A among the letters". Again, all articulate sounds are 



produced in the space within the mouth beginning with the root of the tongue 
and ending in the lips — the throat sound is A, and M is the last lip sound, and 
the U exactly represents the rolling forward of the impulse which begins at the 
root of the tongue till it ends in the lips. If properly pronounced, this Om will 
represent the whole phenomenon of sound-production, and no other word can 
do this; and this, therefore, is the fittest symbol of the Sphota, which is the real 
meaning of the Om. And as the symbol can never be separated from the thing 
signified, the Om and the Sphota are one. And as the Sphota, being the finer 
side of the manifested universe, is nearer to God and is indeed that first 
manifestation of divine wisdom this Om is truly symbolic of God. Again, just 
as the "One only" Brahman, the Akhanda-Sachchidananda, the undivided 
Existence-Knowledge-Bliss, can be conceived by imperfect human souls only 
from particular standpoints and associated with particular qualities, so this 
universe, His body, has also to be thought of along the line of the thinker's 




mind. 



This direction of the worshipper's mind is guided by its prevailing elements or 
Tattvas. The result is that the same God will be seen in various manifestations 
as the possessor of various predominant qualities, and the same universe will 
appear as full of manifold forms. Even as in the case of the least differentiated 
and the most universal symbol Om, thought and sound- symbol are seen to be 
inseparably associated with each other, so also this law of their inseparable 
association applies to the many differentiated views of God and the universe: 
each of them therefore must have a particular word-symbol to express it. These 
word-symbols, evolved out of the deepest spiritual perception of sages, 
symbolise and express, as nearly as possible the particular view of God and the 
universe they stand for. And as the Om represents the Akhanda, the 
undifferentiated Brahman, the others represent the Khanda or the differentiated 
views of the same Being; and they are all helpful to divine meditation and the 
acquisition of true knowledge. 



» 



« 



Home / Complete- Works / Volume 3 / Bhakti- Yoga / 



CHAPTER VIII 

WORSHIP OF SUBSTITUTES AND IMAGES 

The next points to be considered are the worship of Pratikas or of things more 
or less satisfactory as substitutes for God, and the worship of Pratimas or 
images. What is the worship of God through a Pratika? It is 

^m\ ft 

— Joining the mind with devotion to that which is not Brahman, taking it to be 
Brahman" — says Bhagavan Ramanuja. "Worship the mind as Brahman this is 

/V 

internal; and the Akasha as Brahman, this is with regard to the Devas", says 
Shankara. The mind is an internal Pratika, the Akasha is an external one, and 
both have to be worshipped as substitutes of God. He continues, "Similarly — 
'the Sun is Brahman, this is the command', 'He who worships Name as 
Brahman' — in all such passages the doubt arises as to the worship of 
Pratikas." The word Pratika means going towards; and worshipping a Pratika is 
worshipping something as a substitute which is, in some one or more respects, 
like Brahman more and more, but is not Brahman. Along with the Pratikas 
mentioned in the Shrutis there are various others to be found in the Puranas and 
the Tantras. In this kind of Pratika- worship may be included all the various 
forms of Pitri- worship and Deva- worship. 

Now worshipping Ishvara and Him alone is Bhakti; the worship of anything 
else — Deva, or Pitri, or any other being — cannot be Bhakti. The various 
kinds of worship of the various Devas are all to be included in ritualistic 
Karma, which gives to the worshipper only a particular result in the form of 
some celestial enjoyment, but can neither give rise to Bhakti nor lead to Mukti. 
One thing, therefore, has to be carefully borne in mind. If, as it may happen in 
some cases, the highly philosophic ideal, the supreme Brahman, is dragged 
down by Pratika- worship to the level of the Pratika, and the Pratika itself is 
taken to be the Atman of the worshipper or his Antary amin (Inner Ruler), the 
worshipper gets entirely misled, as no Pratika can really be the Atman of the 
worshipper. 



But where Brahman Himself is the object of worship, and the Pratika stands 
only as a substitute or a suggestion thereof, that is to say, where, through the 
Pratika the omnipresent Brahman is worshipped — the Pratika itself being 
idealised into the cause of all, Brahman — the worship is positively beneficial; 
nay, it is absolutely necessary for all mankind until they have all got beyond 
the primary or preparatory state of the mind in regard to worship. When, 
therefore, any gods or other beings are worshipped in and for themselves, such 
worship is only a ritualistic Karma; and as a Vidya (science) it gives us only 
the fruit belonging to that particular Vidya; but when the Devas or any other 
beings are looked upon as Brahman and worshipped, the result obtained is the 
same as by the worshipping of Ishvara. This explains how, in many cases, both 
in the Shrutis and the Smritis, a god, or a sage, or some other extraordinary 
being is taken up and lifted, as it were, out of his own nature and idealised into 
Brahman, and is then worshipped. Says the Advaitin, "Is not everything 
Brahman when the name and the form have been removed from it?" "Is not He, 
the Lord, the innermost Self of every one?" says the Vishishtadvaitin. 

— "The fruition of even the worship of Adityas etc. Brahman Himself bestows, 
because He is the Ruler of all." Says Shankara in his Brahma-Sutra-Bhasya — 






"Here in this way does Brahman become the object of worship, because He, as 
Brahman, is superimposed on the Pratikas, just as Vishnu etc. are superimposed 
upon images etc." 

The same ideas apply to the worship of the Pratimas as to that of the Pratikas; 
that is to say, if the image stands for a god or a saint, the worship is not the 
result of Bhakti, and does not lead lo liberation; but if it stands for the one God, 
the worship thereof will bring both Bhakti and Mukti. Of the principal religions 
of the world we see Vedantism, Buddhism, and certain forms of Christianity 
freely using images; only two religions, Mohammedanism and Protestantism, 
refuse such help. Yet the Mohammedans use the grave of their saints and 
martyrs almost in the place of images; and the Protestants, in rejecting all 



concrete helps to religion, are drifting away every year farther and farther from 
spirituality till at present there is scarcely any difference between the advanced 
Protestants and the followers of August Comte, or agnostics who preach ethics 
alone. Again, in Christianity and Mohammedanism whatever exists of image 
worship is made to fall under that category in which the Pratika or the Pratima 
is worshipped in itself, but not as a "help to the vision" (Drishtisaukaryam) of 
God; therefore it is at best only of the nature of ritualistic Karmas and cannot 
produce either Bhakti or Mukti. In this form of image- worship, the allegiance 
of the soul is given to other things than Ishvara, and, therefore, such use of 
images, or graves, or temples, or tombs, is real idolatry; it is in itself neither 
sinful nor wicked — it is a rite — a Karma, and worshippers must and will get 
the fruit thereof. 



» 



« 



Home / Complete- Works / Volume 3 / Bhakti-Yoga / 



CHAPTER IX 
THE CHOSEN IDEAL 

The next thing to be considered is what we know as Ishta-Nishtha. One who 
aspires to be a Bhakta must know that "so many opinions are so many ways". 
He must know that all the various sects of the various religions are the various 
manifestations of the glory of the same Lord. "They call You by so many 
names; they divide You, as it were, by different names, yet in each one of these 
is to be found Your omnipotence.... You reach the worshipper through all of 
these, neither is there any special time so long as the soul has intense love for 
You. You are so easy of approach; it is my misfortune that I cannot love You." 
Not only this, the Bhakta must take care not to hate, nor even to criticise those 
radiant sons of light who are the founders of various sects; he must not even 
hear them spoken ill of. Very few indeed are those who are at once the 
possessors of an extensive sympathy and power of appreciation, as well as an 
intensity of love. We find, as a rule, that liberal and sympathetic sects lose the 
intensity of religious feeling, and in their hands, religion is apt to degenerate 
into a kind of politico- social club life. On the other hand, intensely narrow 
sectaries, whilst displaying a very commendable love of their own ideals, are 
seen to have acquired every particle of that love by hating every one who is not 
of exactly the same opinions as themselves. Would to God that this world was 
full of men who were as intense in their love as worldwide in their sympathies! 
But such are only few and far between. Yet we know that it is practicable to 
educate large numbers of human beings into the ideal of a wonderful blending 
of both the width and the intensity of love; and the way to do that is by this 
path of the Istha-Nishtha or "steadfast devotion to the chosen ideal". Every sect 
of every religion presents only one ideal of its own to mankind, but the eternal 
Vedantic religion opens to mankind an infinite number of doors for ingress into 
the inner shrine of divinity, and places before humanity an almost inexhaustible 
array of ideals, there being in each of them a manifestation of the Eternal One. 
With the kindest solicitude, the Vedanta points out to aspiring men and women 
the numerous roads, hewn out of the solid rock of the realities of human life, by 
the glorious sons, or human manifestations, of God, in the past and in the 
present, and stands with outstretched arms to welcome all — to welcome even 



those that are yet to be — to that Home of Truth and that Ocean of Bliss, 
wherein the human soul, liberated from the net of Maya, may transport itself 
with perfect freedom and with eternal joy. 

Bhakti-Yoga, therefore, lays on us the imperative command not to hate or deny 
any one of the various paths that lead to salvation. Yet the growing plant must 
be hedged round to protect it until it has grown into a tree. The tender plant of 
spirituality will die if exposed too early to the action of a constant change of 
ideas and ideals. Many people, in the name of what may be called religious 
liberalism, may be seen feeding their idle curiosity with a continuous 
succession of different ideals. With them, hearing new things grows into a kind 
of disease, a sort of religious drink-mania. They want to hear new things just by 
way of getting a temporary nervous excitement, and when one such exciting 
influence has had its effect on them, they are ready for another. Religion is with 
these people a sort of intellectual opium-eating, and there it ends. "There is 
another sort of man", says Bhagavan Ramakrishna, "who is like the pearl- 
oyster of the story. The pearl-oyster leaves its bed at the bottom of the sea, and 
comes up to the surface to catch the rain-water when the star Svati is in the 
ascendant. It floats about on the surface of the sea with its shell wide open, 
until it has succeeded in catching a drop of the rain-water, and then it dives 
deep down to its sea-bed, and there rests until it has succeeded in fashioning a 
beautiful pearl out of that rain-drop." 

This is indeed the most poetical and forcible way in which the theory of Ishta- 
Nishtha has ever been put. This Eka-Nishtha or devotion to one ideal is 
absolutely necessary for the beginner in the practice of religious devotion. He 
must say with Hanuman in the Ramayana, "Though I know that the Lord of 
Shri and the Lord of Janaki are both manifestations of the same Supreme 
Being, yet my all in all is the lotus-eyed Rama." Or, as was said by the sage 
Tulasidasa, he must say, "Take the sweetness of all, sit with all, take the name 
of all, say yea, yea, but keep your seat firm." Then, if the devotional aspirant is 
sincere, out of this little seed will come a gigantic tree like the Indian banyan, 
sending out branch after branch and root after root to all sides, till it covers the 
entire field of religion. Thus will the true devotee realise that He who was his 
own ideal in life is worshipped in all ideals by all sects, under all names, and 
through all forms. 



« 



Home / Complete- Works / Volume 3 / Bhakti-Yoga / 



CHAPTER X 

THE METHOD AND THE MEANS 

In regard to the method and the means of Bhakti-Yoga we read in the 
commentary of Bhagavan Ramanuja on the Vedanta- Sutras: "The attaining of 
That comes through discrimination, controlling the passions, practice, 
sacrificial work, purity, strength, and suppression of excessive joy." Viveka or 
discrimination is, according to Ramanuja, discriminating, among other things, 
the pure food from the impure. According to him, food becomes impure from 
three causes: (1) by the nature of the food itself, as in the case of garlic etc.; (2) 
owing to its coming from wicked and accursed persons; and (3) from physical 
impurities, such as dirt, or hair, etc. The Shrutis say, When the food is pure, the 
Sattva element gets purified, and the memory becomes unwavering", and 
Ramanuja quotes this from the Chhandogya Upanishad. 

The question of food has always been one of the most vital with the Bhaktas. 
Apart from the extravagance into which some of the Bhakti sects have run, 
there is a great truth underlying this question of food. We must remember that, 
according to the Sankhya philosophy, the Sattva, Rajas, and Tamas, which in 
the state of homogeneous equilibrium form the Prakriti, and in the 
heterogeneous disturbed condition form the universe — are both the substance 
and the quality of Prakriti. As such they are the materials out of which every 
human form has been manufactured, and the predominance of the Sattva 
material is what is absolutely necessary for spiritual development. The 
materials which we receive through our food into our body- structure go a great 
way to determine our mental constitution; therefore the food we eat has to be 
particularly taken care of. However, in this matter, as in others, the fanaticism 
into which the disciples invariably fall is not to be laid at the door of the 
masters. 

And this discrimination of food is, after all, of secondary importance. The very 
same passage quoted above is explained by Shankara in his Bhashya on the 
Upanishads in a different way by giving an entirely different meaning to the 

/V 

word Ahara, translated generally as food. According to him, "That which is 



gathered in is Ahara. The knowledge of the sensations, such as sound etc., is 
gathered in for the enjoyment of the enjoyer (self); the purification of the 
knowledge which gathers in the perception of the senses is the purifying of the 
food (Ahara). The word 'purification-of-food' means the acquiring of the 
knowledge of sensations untouched by the defects of attachment, aversion, and 
delusion; such is the meaning. Therefore such knowledge or Ahara being 
purified, the Sattva material of the possessor it — the internal organ — will 
become purified, and the Sattva being purified, an unbroken memory of the 
Infinite One, who has been known in His real nature from scriptures, will 
result." 

These two explanations are apparently conflicting, yet both are true and 
necessary. The manipulating and controlling of what may be called the finer 
body, viz the mood, are no doubt higher functions than the controlling of the 
grosser body of flesh. But the control of the grosser is absolutely necessary to 
enable one to arrive at the control of the finer. The beginner, therefore, must 
pay particular attention to all such dietetic rules as have come down from the 
line of his accredited teachers; but the extravagant, meaningless fanaticism, 
which has driven religion entirely to the kitchen, as may be noticed in the case 
of many of our sects, without any hope of the noble truth of that religion ever 
coming out to the sunlight of spirituality, is a peculiar sort of pure and simple 
materialism. It is neither Jnana, nor Bhakti, nor Karma; it is a special kind of 
lunacy, and those who pin their souls to it are more likely to go to lunatic 
asylums than to Brahmaloka. So it stands to reason that discrimination in the 
choice of food is necessary for the attainment of this higher state of mental 
composition which cannot 
be easily obtained otherwise. 

Controlling the passions is the next thing to be attended to. To restrain the 
Indriyas (organs) from going towards the objects of the senses, to control them 
and bring them under the guidance of the will, is the very central virtue in 
religious culture. Then comes the practice of self-restraint and self-denial. All 
the immense possibilities of divine realisation in the soul cannot get actualised 
without struggle and without such practice on the part of the aspiring devotee. 
"The mind must always think of the Lord." It is very hard at first to compel the 
mind to think of the Lord always, but with every new effort the power to do so 



grows stronger in us. "By practice, O son of Kunti, and by non- attachment is it 
attained", says Shri Krishna in the Gita. And then as to sacrificial work, it is 
understood that the five great sacrificed (To gods, sages, manes, guests, and all 
creatures.) (Panchamahayajna) have to be performed as usual. 

Purity is absolutely the basic work, the bed-rock upon which the whole Bhakti- 
building rests. Cleansing the external body and discriminating the food are both 
easy, but without internal cleanliness and purity, these external observances are 
of no value whatsoever. In the list of qualities conducive to purity, as given by 
Ramanuja, there are enumerated, Satya, truthfulness; Arjava, sincerity; Daya, 
doing good to others without any gain to one's self; Ahimsa, not injuring others 
by thought, word, or deed; Anabhidhya, not coveting others' goods, not 
thinking vain thoughts, and not brooding over injuries received from another. 

In this list, the one idea that deserves special notice is Ahimsa, non-injury to 
others. This duty of non-injury is, so to speak, obligatory on us in relation to all 
beings. As with some, it does not simply mean the non-injuring of human 
beings and mercilessness towards the lower animals; nor, as with some others, 
does it mean the protecting of cats and dogs and feeding of ants with sugar — 
with liberty to injure brother-man in every horrible way! It is remarkable that 
almost every good idea in this world can be carried to a disgusting extreme. A 
good practice carried to an extreme and worked in accordance with the letter of 
the law becomes a positive evil. The stinking monks of certain religious sects, 
who do not bathe lest the vermin on their bodies should be killed, never think 
of the discomfort and disease they bring to their fellow human beings. They do 
not, however, belong to the religion of the Vedas! 

The test of Ahimsa is absence of jealousy. Any man may do a good deed or 
make a good gift on the spur of the moment or under the pressure of some 
superstition or priestcraft; but the real lover of mankind is he who is jealous of 
none. The so-called great men of the world may all be seen to become jealous 
of each other for a small name, for a little fame, and for a few bits of gold. So 
long as this jealousy exists in a heart, it is far away from the perfection of 
Ahimsa. The cow does not eat meat, nor does the sheep. Are they great Yogis, 
great non-injurers (Ahimsakas)? Any fool may abstain from eating this or that; 
surely that gives him no more distinction than to herbivorous animals. The man 
who will mercilessly cheat widows and orphans and do the vilest deeds for 



money is worse than any brute even if he lives entirely on grass. The man 
whose heart never cherishes even the thought of injury to any one, who rejoices 
at the prosperity of even his greatest enemy, that man is the Bhakta, he is the 
Yogi, he is the Guru of all, even though he lives every day of his life on the 
flesh of swine. Therefore we must always remember that external practices 
have value only as helps to develop internal purity. It is better to have internal 
purity alone when minute attention to external observances is not practicable. 
But woe unto the man and woe unto the nation that forgets the real, internal, 
spiritual essentials of religion and mechanically clutches with death-like grasp 
at all external forms and never lets them go. The forms have value only so far 
as they are expressions of the life within. If they have ceased to express life, 
crush them out without mercy. 

The next means to the attainment of Bhakti-Yoga is strength (Anavasada). 

"This Atman is not to be attained by the weak", says the Shruti. Both physical 
weakness and mental weakness are meant here. "The strong, the hardy" are the 
only fit students. What can puny, little, decrepit things do? They will break to 
pieces whenever the mysterious forces of the body and mind are even slightly 
awakened by the practice of any of the Yogas. It is "the young, the healthy, the 
strong" that can score success. Physical strength, therefore, is absolutely 
necessary. It is the strong body alone that can bear the shock of reaction 
resulting from the attempt to control the organs. He who wants to become a 
Bhakta must be strong, must be healthy. When the miserably weak attempt any 
of the Yogas, they are likely to get some incurable malady, or they weaken 
their minds. Voluntarily weakening the body is really no prescription for 
spiritual enlightenment. 

The mentally weak also cannot succeed in attaining the Atman. The person 
who aspires to be a Bhakta must be cheerful. In the Western world the idea of a 
religious man is that he never smiles, that a dark cloud must always hang over 
his face, which, again, must be long drawn with the jaws almost collapsed. 
People with emaciated bodies and long faces are fit subjects for the physician, 
they are not Yogis. It is the cheerful mind that is persevering. It is the strong 
mind that hews its way through a thousand difficulties. And this, the hardest 
task of all, the cutting of our way out of the net of Maya, is the work reserved 
only for giant wills. 



Yet at the same time excessive mirth should be avoided (Anuddharsha). 
Excessive mirth makes us unfit for serious thought. It also fritters away the 
energies of the mind in vain. The stronger the will, the less the yielding to the 
sway of the emotions. Excessive hilarity is quite as objectionable as too much 
of sad seriousness, and all religious realisation is possible only when the mind 
is in a steady, peaceful condition of harmonious equilibrium. 



It is thus that one may begin to learn how to love the Lord. 



» 



Complete Works of Swami Vivekananda 
Volume 3 

Para-Bhakti or Supreme Devotion 

The Preparatory Renunciation 

The Bhakta's Renunciation Results from Love 

The Naturalness of Bhakti-Yoga and its Central Secret 

The Forms of Love — Manifestation 

Universal Love and How it Leads to Self Surrender 

The Higher Knowledge and the Higher Love are One to the True Lover 

The Triangle of Love 

The God of Love is His Own Proof 

Human Representations of the Divine Ideal of Love 



Conclusion 



Home / Complete- Works / Volume 3 / Para-Bhakti or Supreme Devotion / 

« 

CHAPTER I 

THE PREPARATORY RENUNCIATION 

We have now finished the consideration of what may be called the preparatory 
Bhakti, and are entering on the study of the Para-Bhakti or supreme devotion. 
We have to speak of a preparation to the practice of this Para-Bhakti. All such 
preparations are intended only for the purification of the soul. The repetition of 
names, the rituals, the forms, and the symbols, all these various things are for 
the purification of the soul. The greatest purifier among all such things, a 
purifier without which no one can enter the regions of this higher devotion 
(Para-Bhakti), is renunciation. This frightens many; yet, without it, there cannot 
be any spiritual growth. In all our Yogas this renunciation is necessary. This is 
the stepping-stone and the real centre and the real heart of all spiritual culture 
— renunciation. This is religion — renunciation. 

When the human soul draws back from the things of the world and tries to go 
into deeper things; when man, the spirit which has here somehow become 
concretised and materialised, understands that he is thereby going to be 
destroyed and to be reduced almost into mere matter, and turns his face away 
from matter — then begins renunciation, then begins real spiritual growth. The 
Karma-Yogi's renunciation is in the shape of giving up all the fruits of his 
action; he is not attached to the results of his labour; he does not care for any 
reward here or hereafter. The Raj a- Yogi knows that the whole of nature is 
intended for the soul to acquire experience, and that the result of all the 
experiences of the soul is for it to become aware of its eternal separateness 
from nature. The human soul has to understand and realise that it has been 
spirit, and not matter, through eternity, and that this conjunction of it with 
matter is and can be only for a time. The Raj a- Yogi learns the lesson of 
renunciation through his own experience of nature. The Jnana-Yogi has the 
harshest of all renunciations to go through, as he has to realise from the very 
first that the whole of this solid-looking nature is all an illusion. He has to 
understand that all that is any kind of manifestation of power in nature belongs 
to the soul, and not to nature. He has to know from the very start that all 
knowledge and all experience are in the soul and not in nature; so he has at 



once and by the sheer force of rational conviction to tear himself away from all 
bondage to nature. He lets nature and all that belongs to her go, he lets them 
vanish and tries to stand alone! 

Of all renunciations, the most natural, so to say, is that of the Bhakti-Yogi. 

Here there is no violence, nothing to give up, nothing to tear off, as it were, 
from ourselves, nothing from which we have violently to separate ourselves. 
The Bhakta's renunciation is easy, smooth flowing, and as natural as the things 
around us. We see the manifestation of this sort of renunciation, although more 
or less in the form of caricatures, every day around us. A man begins to love a 
woman; after a while he loves another, and the first woman he lets go. She 
drops put of his mind smoothly, gently, without his feeling the want of her at 
all. A woman loves a man; she then begins to love another man, and the first 
one drops off from her mind quite naturally. A man loves his own city, then he 
begins to love his country, and the intense love for his little city drops off 
smoothly, naturally. Again, a man learns to love the whole world; his love for 
his country, his intense, fanatical patriotism drops off without hurting him, 
without any manifestation of violence. An uncultured man loves the pleasures 
of the senses intensely; as he becomes cultured, he begins to love intellectual 
pleasures, and his sense-enjoyments become less and less. No man can enjoy a 
meal with the same gusto or pleasure as a dog or a wolf, but those pleasures 
which a man gets from intellectual experiences and achievements, the dog can 
never enjoy. At first, pleasure is in association with the lowest senses; but as 
soon as an animal reaches a higher plane of existence, the lower kind of 
pleasures becomes less intense. In human society, the nearer the man is to the 
animal, the stronger is his pleasure in the senses; and the higher and the more 
cultured the man is, the greater is his pleasure in intellectual and such other 
finer pursuits. So when a man gets even higher than the plane of the intellect, 
higher than that of mere thought, when he gets to the plane of spirituality and 
of divine inspiration, he finds there a state of bliss, compared with which all the 
pleasures of the senses, or even of the intellect, are as nothing. When the moon 
shines brightly, all the stars become dim; and when the sun shines, the moon 
herself becomes dim. The renunciation necessary for the attainment of Bhakti 
is not obtained by killing anything, but just comes in as naturally as in the 
presence of an increasingly stronger light, the less intense ones become dimmer 
and dimmer until they vanish away completely. So this love of the pleasures of 



the senses and of the intellect is all made dim and thrown aside and cast into 
the shade by the love of God Himself. 

That love of God grows and assumes a form which is called Para-Bhakti or 
supreme devotion. Forms vanish, rituals fly away, books are superseded; 
images, temples, churches, religions and sects, countries and nationalities — all 
these little limitations and bondages fall off by their own nature from him who 
knows this love of God. Nothing remains to bind him or fetter his freedom. A 
ship, all of a sudden, comes near a magnetic rock, and its iron bolts and bars 
are all attracted and drawn out, and the planks get loosened and freely float on 
the water. Divine grace thus loosens the binding bolts and bars of the soul, and 
it becomes free. So in this renunciation auxiliary to devotion, there is no 
harshness, no dryness no struggle, nor repression nor suppression. The Bhakta 
has not to suppress any single one of his emotions, he only strives to intensify 
them and direct them to God. 



» 



Home / Complete- Works / Volume 3 / Para-Bhakti or Supreme Devotion / 

« 

CHAPTER II 

THE BHAKTA S RENUNCIATION RESULTS FROM LOVE 

We see love everywhere in nature. Whatever in society is good and great and 
sublime is the working out of that love; whatever in society is very bad, nay 
diabolical, is also the ill-directed working out of the same emotion of love. It is 
this same emotion that gives us the pure and holy conjugal love between 
husband and wife as well as the sort of love which goes to satisfy the lowest 
forms of animal passion. The emotion is the same, but its manifestation is 
different in different cases. It is the same feeling of love, well or ill directed, 
that impels one man to do good and to give all he has to the poor, while it 
makes another man cut the throats of his brethren and take away all their 
possessions. The former loves others as much as the latter loves himself. The 
direction of the love is bad in the case of the latter, but it is right and proper in 
the other case. The same fire that cooks a meal for us may burn a child, and it is 
no fault of the fire if it does so; the difference lies in the way in which it is 
used. Therefore love, the intense longing for association, the strong desire on 
the part of two to become one — and it may be, after all, of all to become 
merged in one — is being manifested everywhere in higher or lower forms as 
the case may be. 

Bhakti-Yoga is the science of higher love. It shows us how to direct it; it shows 
us how to control it, how to manage it, how to use it, how to give it a new aim, 
as it were, and from it obtain the highest and most glorious results, that is, how 
to make it lead us to spiritual blessedness. Bhakti-Yoga does not say, "Give 
up"; it only says, "Love; love the Highest !" — and everything low naturally 
falls off from him, the object of whose love is the Highest. 

"I cannot tell anything about Thee except that Thou art my love. Thou art 
beautiful, Oh, Thou art beautiful! Thou art beauty itself." What is after all 
really required of us in this Yoga is that our thirst after the beautiful should be 
directed to God. What is the beauty in the human face, in the sky, in the stars, 
and in the moon? It is only the partial apprehension of the real all-embracing 
Divine Beauty. "He shining, everything shines. It is through His light that all 



things shine." Take this high position of Bhakti which makes you forget at once 
all your little personalities. Take yourself away from all the world's little selfish 
clingings. Do not look upon humanity as the centre of all your human and 
higher interests. Stand as a witness, as a student, and observe the phenomena of 
nature. Have the feeling of personal non- attachment with regard to man, and 
see how this mighty feeling of love is working itself out in the world. 
Sometimes a little friction is produced, but that is only in the course of the 
struggle to attain the higher real love. Sometimes there is a little fight or a little 
fall; but it is all only by the way. Stand aside, and freely let these frictions 
come. You feel the frictions only when you are in the current of the world, but 
when you are outside of it simply as a witness and as a student, you will be able 
to see that there are millions and millions of channels in which God is 
manifesting Himself as Love. 

"Wherever there is any bliss, even though in the most sensual of things, there is 
a spark of that Eternal Bliss which is the Lord Himself." Even in the lowest 
kinds of attraction there is the germ of divine love. One of the names of the 
Lord in Sanskrit is Hari, and this means that He attracts all things to Himself. 
His is in fact the only attraction worthy of human hearts. Who can attract a soul 
really? Only He! Do you think dead matter can truly attract the soul? It never 
did, and never will. When you see a man going after a beautiful face, do you 
think that it is the handful of arranged material molecules which really attracts 
the man? Not at all. Behind those material particles there must be and is the 
play of divine influence and divine love. The ignorant man does not know it, 
but yet, consciously or unconsciously, he is attracted by it and it alone. So even 
the lowest forms of attraction derive their power from God Himself. "None, O 
beloved, ever loved the husband for the husband's sake; it is the Atman, the 
Lord who is within, for whose sake the husband is loved." Loving wives may 
know this or they may not; it is true all the same. "None, O beloved, ever loved 
the wife for the wife's sake, but it is the Self in the wife that is loved." 

Similarly, no one loves a child or anything else in the world except on account 
of Him who is within. The Lord is the great magnet, and we are all like iron 
filings; we are being constantly attracted by Him, and all of us are struggling to 
reach Him. All this struggling of ours in this world is surely not intended for 
selfish ends. Tools do not know what they are doing: the work of their life is, 
after all, to approach the great magnet. All the tremendous struggling and 



fighting in life is intended to make us go to Him ultimately and be one with 
Him. 

The Bhakti-Yogi, however, knows the meaning of life's struggles; he 
understands it. He has passed through a long series of these struggles and 
knows what they mean and earnestly desires to be free from the friction 
thereof; he wants to avoid the clash and go direct to the centre of all attraction, 
the great Hari This is the renunciation of the Bhakta. This mighty attraction in 
the direction of God makes all other attractions vanish for him. This mighty 
infinite love of God which enters his heart leaves no place for any other love to 
live there. How can it be otherwise" Bhakti fills his heart with the divine waters 
of the ocean of love, which is God Himself; there is no place there for little 
loves. That is to say, the Bhakta's renunciation is that Vairagya or non- 
attachment for all things that are not God which results from Anuraga or great 
attachment to God. 

This is the ideal preparation for the attainment of the supreme Bhakti. When 
this renunciation comes, the gate opens for the soul to pass through and reach 
the lofty regions of supreme devotion or Para-Bhakti. Then it is that we begin 
to understand what Para-Bhakti is; and the man who has entered into the inner 
shrine of the Para-Bhakti alone has the right to say that all forms and symbols 
are useless to him as aids to religious realisation. He alone has attained that 
supreme state of love commonly called the brotherhood of man; the rest only 
talk. He sees no distinctions; the mighty ocean of love has entered into him, 
and he sees not man in man, but beholds his Beloved everywhere. Through 
every face shines to him his Hari. The light in the sun or the moon is all His 
manifestation. Wherever there is beauty or sublimity, to him it is all His. Such 
Bhaktas are still living; the world is never without them. Such, though bitten by 
a serpent, only say that a messenger came to them from their Beloved. Such 
men alone have the right to talk of universal brotherhood. They feel no 
resentment; their minds never react in the form of hatred or jealousy. The 
external, the sensuous, has vanished from them for ever. How can they be 
angry, when, through their love, they are always able to see the Reality behind 
the scenes? 



» 



Home / Complete- Works / Volume 3 / Para-Bhakti or Supreme Devotion / 

« 

CHAPTER III 

THE NATURALNESS OF BHAKTI-YOGA AND ITS CENTRAL 

SECRET 

"Those who with constant attention always worship You, and those who 
worship the Undifferentiated, the Absolute, of these who are the greatest 
Yogis?" — Arjuna asked of Shri Krishna. The answer was: "Those who 
concentrating their minds on Me worship Me with eternal constancy and are 
endowed with the highest faith, they are My best worshippers, they are the 
greatest Yogis. Those that worship the Absolute, the Indescribable, the 
Undifferentiated, the Omnipresent, the Unthinkable, the All-comprehending, 
the Immovable, and the Eternal, by controlling the play of their organs and 
having the conviction of sameness in regard to all things, they also, being 
engaged in doing good to all beings, come to Me alone. But to those whose 
minds have been devoted to the unmanifested Absolute, the difficulty of the 
struggle along the way is much greater, for it is indeed with great difficulty that 
the path of the unmanifested Absolute is trodden by any embodied being. 

Those who, having offered up all their work unto Me, with entire reliance on 
Me, meditate on Me and worship Me without any attachment to anything else 
— them, I soon lift up from the ocean of ever-recurring births and deaths, as 
their mind is wholly attached to Me" (Gita, XII). 

Jnana-Yoga and Bhakti-Yoga are both referred to here. Both may be said to 
have been defined in the above passage. Jnana-Yoga is grand; it is high 
philosophy; and almost every human being thinks, curiously enough, that he 
can surely do everything required of him by philosophy; but it is really very 
difficult to live truly the life of philosophy. We are often apt to run into great 
dangers in trying to guide our life by philosophy. This world may be said to be 
divided between persons of demoniacal nature who think the care-taking of the 
body to be the be-all and the end-all of existence, and persons of godly nature 
who realise that the body is simply a means to an end, an instrument intended 
for the culture of the soul. The devil can and indeed does cite the scriptures for 
his own purpose; and thus the way of knowledge appears to offer justification 
to what the bad man does, as much as it offers inducements to what the good 



man does. This is the great danger in Jnana-Yoga. But Bhakti-Yoga is natural, 
sweet, and gentle; the Bhakta does not take such high flights as the Jnana-Yogi, 
and, therefore, he is not apt to have such big falls. Until the bandages of the 
soul pass away, it cannot of course be free, whatever may be the nature of the 
path that the religious man takes. 

Here is a passage showing how, in the case of one of the blessed Gopis, the 
soul-binding chains of both merit and demerit were broken. "The intense 
pleasure in meditating on God took away the binding effects of her good deeds. 
Then her intense misery of soul in not attaining unto Him washed off all her 
sinful propensities; and then she became free." — 

ii 

ii 

( Vishnu-Purana ). In Bhakti-Yoga the central secret is, therefore, to know that 
the various passions and feelings and emotions in the human heart are not 
wrong in themselves; only they have to be carefully controlled and given a 
higher and higher direction, until they attain the very highest condition of 
excellence. The highest direction is that which takes us to God; every other 
direction is lower. We find that pleasures and pains are very common and oft- 
recurring feelings in our lives. When a man feels pain because he has not 
wealth or some such worldly thing, he is giving a wrong direction to the 
feeling. Still pain has its uses. Let a man feel pain that he has not reached the 
Highest, that he has not reached God, and that pain will be to his salvation 
When you become glad that you have a handful of coins, it is a wrong direction 
given to the faculty of joy; it should be given a higher direction, it must be 
made to serve the Highest Ideal. Pleasure in that kind of ideal must surely be 
our highest joy. This same thing is true of all our other feelings. The Bhakta 
says that not one of them is wrong, he gets hold of them all and points them 
unfailingly towards God. 



» 



« 



Home / Complete- Works / Volume 3 / Para-Bhakti or Supreme Devotion / 



CHAPTER IV 



THE FORMS OF LOVE — MANIFESTATION 



Here are some of the forms in which love manifests itself. First there is 
reverence. Why do people show reverence to temples and holy places? Because 
He is worshipped there, and His presence is associated with all such places. 
Why do people in every country pay reverence to teachers of religion? It is 
natural for the human heart to do so, because all such teachers preach the Lord. 
At bottom, reverence is a growth out of love; we can none of us revere him 
whom we do not love. Then comes Priti — pleasure in God. What an immense 
pleasure men take in the objects of the senses. They go anywhere, run through 
any danger, to get the thing which they love, the thing which their senses like. 
What is wanted of the Bhakta is this very kind of intense love which has, 
however, to be directed to God. Then there is the sweetest of pains, Viraha, the 
intense misery due to the absence of the beloved. When a man feels intense 
misery because he has not attained to God, has not known that which is the 
only thing worthy to be known, and becomes in consequence very dissatisfied 
and almost mad — then there is Viraha; and this state of the mind makes him 
feel disturbed in the presence of anything other than the beloved 
(Ekarativichikitsa). In earthly love we see how often this Viraha comes. Again, 
when men are really and intensely in love with women or women with men, 
they feel a kind of natural annoyance in the presence of all those whom they do 
not love. Exactly the same state of impatience in regard to things that are not 
loved comes to the mind when Para-Bhakti holds sway over it; even to talk 
about things other than God becomes distasteful then. "Think of Him, think of 
Him alone, and give up all other vain words" stri ^Rf I — Those who 

talk of Him alone, the Bhakta finds to be friendly to him; while those who talk 
of anything else appear to him to be unfriendly. A still higher stage of love is 
reached when life itself is maintained for the sake of the one Ideal of Love, 
when life itself is considered beautiful and worth living only on account of that 



Love ( )* Without it, such a life would not remain even for a 



moment. Life is sweet, because it thinks of the Beloved. Tadiyata {His -ness) 
comes when a man becomes perfect according to Bhakti — when he has 
become blessed, when he has attained God, when he has touched the feet of 





God, as it were. Then his whole nature is purified and completely changed. All 
his purpose in life then becomes fulfilled. Yet many such Bhaktas live on just 
to worship Him. That is the bliss, the only pleasure in life which they will not 
give up. "O king, such is the blessed quality of Hari that even those who have 
become satisfied with everything, all the knots of whose hearts have been cut 
asunder, even they love the Lord for love's sake" — the Lord "Whom all the 
gods worship — all the lovers of liberation, and all the knowers of the 
Brahman" — y tpi WRt (Nri. Tap. Up.). Such is the 

power of love. When a man has forgotten himself altogether, and does not feel 
that anything belongs to him, then he acquires the state of Tadiyata; everything 
is sacred to him, because it belongs to the Beloved. Even in regard to earthly 
love, the lover thinks that everything belonging to his beloved is sacred and so 
dear to him. He loves even a piece of cloth belonging to the darling of his heart 
In the same way, when a person loves the Lord, the whole universe becomes 
dear to him, because it is all His. 



» 



Home / Complete-Works / Volume 3 / Para-Bhakti or Supreme Devotion / 

« 

CHAPTER V 

UNIVERSAL LOVE AND HOW IT LEADS TO SELF-SURRENDER 

How can we love the Vyashti, the particular, without first loving the Samashti, 
the universal? God is the Samashti, the generalised and the abstract universal 
whole; and the universe that we see is the Vyashti, the particularised thing. To 
love the whole universe is possible only by way of loving the Samashti — the 
universal — which is, as it were, the one unity in which are to be found millions 
and millions of smaller unities. The philosophers of India do not stop at the 
particulars; they cast a hurried glance at the particulars and immediately start to 
find the generalised forms which will include all the particulars. The search 
after the universal is the one search of Indian philosophy and religion. The 
Jnani aims at the wholeness of things, at that one absolute and; generalised 
Being, knowing which he knows everything. The Bhakta wishes to realise that 
one generalised abstract Person, in loving whom he loves the whole universe. 
The Yogi wishes to have possession of that one generalised form of power, by 
controlling which he controls this whole universe. The Indian mind, throughout 
its history, has been directed to this kind of singular search after the universal in 
everything — in science, in psychology, in love, in philosophy. So the 
conclusion to which the Bhakta comes is that, if you go on merely loving one, 
person after another, you may go on loving them so for an infinite length of 
time, without being in the least able to love the world as a whole. When, at last, 
the central idea is, however, arrived at that the sum total of all love is God, that 
the sum total of the aspirations of all the souls in the universe, whether they be 
free, or bound, or struggling towards liberation, is God, then alone it becomes 
possible for any one to put forth universal love. God is the Samashti, and this 
visible universe is God differentiated and made manifest. If we love this sum 
total, we love everything. Loving the world doing it good will all come easily 
then; we have to obtain this power only by loving God first; otherwise it is no 
joke to do good to the world. "Everything is His and He is my Lover; I love 
Him," says the Bhakta. In this way everything becomes sacred to the Bhakta, 
because all things are His. All are His children, His body, His manifestation. 
How then may we hurt any one? How then may we not love any one? With the 
love of God will come, as a sure effect, the love of every one in the universe. 



The nearer we approach God, the more do we begin to see that all things are in 
Him. When the soul succeeds in appropriating the bliss of this supreme love, it 
also begins to see Him in everything. Our heart will thus become an eternal 
fountain of love. And when we reach even higher states of this love, all the little 
differences between the things of the world are entirely lost; man is seen no 
more as man, but only as God; the animal is seen no more as animal, but as 
God; even the tiger is no more a tiger, but a manifestation of God. Thus in this 
intense state of Bhakti, worship is offered to every one, to every life, and to 
every being. 

l^f^TT oft?!. I ! 

— "Knowing that Hari, the Lord, is in every being, the wise have thus to 
manifest unswerving love towards all beings." 

As a result of this kind of intense all-absorbing love, comes the feeling of 
perfect self- surrender, the conviction that nothing that happens is against us, 
Apratikulya. Then the loving soul is able to say, if pain comes, "Welcome 
pain." If misery comes, it will say, "Welcome misery, you are also from the 
Beloved." If a serpent comes, it will say, "Welcome serpent." If death comes, 
such a Bhakta will welcome it with a smile. "Blessed am I that they all come to 
me; they are all welcome." The Bhakta in this state of perfect resignation, 
arising out of intense love to God and to all that are His, ceases to distinguish 
between pleasure and pain in so far as they affect him. He does not know what 
it is to complain of pain or misery; and this kind of uncomplaining resignation 
to the will of God, who is all love, is indeed a worthier acquisition than all the 
glory of grand and heroic performances. 

To the vast majority of mankind, the body is everything; the body is all the 
universe to them; bodily enjoyment is their all in all. This demon of the worship 
of the body and of the things of the body has entered into us all. We may 
indulge in tall talk and take very high flights, but we are like vultures all the 
same; our mind is directed to the piece of carrion down below. Why should our 
body be saved, say, from the tiger? Why may we not give it over to the tiger? 
The tiger will thereby be pleased, and that is not altogether so very far from self- 
sacrifice and worship. Can you reach the realization of such an idea in which all 



sense of self is completely lost? It is a very dizzy height on the pinnacle of the 
religion of love, and few in this world have ever climbed up to it; but until a 
man reaches that highest point of ever-ready and ever-willing self-sacrifice, he 
cannot become a perfect Bhakta. We may all manage to maintain our bodies 
more or less satisfactorily and for longer or shorter intervals of time. 
Nevertheless, our bodies have to go; there is no permanence about them. 

Blessed are they whose bodies get destroyed in the service of others. "Wealth, 
and even life itself, the sage always holds ready for the service of others. In this 
world, there being one thing certain, viz death, it is far better that this body dies 
in a good cause than in a bad one." We may drag our life on for fifty years or a 
hundred years; but after that, what is it that happens? Everything that is the 
result of combination must get dissolved and die. There must and will come a 
time for it to be decomposed. Jesus and Buddha and Mohammed are all dead; 
all the great Prophets and Teachers of the world are dead. 

"In this evanescent world, where everything is falling to pieces, we have to 
make the highest use of what time we have," says the Bhakta; and really the 
highest use of life is to hold it at the service of all beings. It is the horrible body- 
idea that breeds all the selfishness in the world, just this one delusion that we 
are wholly the body we own, and that we must by all possible means try our 
very best to preserve and to please it. If you know that you are positively other 
than your body, you have then none to fight with or struggle against; you are 
dead to all ideas of selfishness. So the Bhakta declares that we have to hold 
ourselves as if we are altogether dead to all the things of the world; and that is 
indeed self- surrender. Let things come as they may. This is the meaning of 
"Thy will be done" — not going about fighting and struggling and thinking all 
the while that God wills all our own weaknesses and worldly ambitions. It may 
be that good comes even out of our selfish struggles; that is, however, God's 
look-out. The perfected Bhakta's idea must be never to will and work for 
himself. "Lord, they build high temples in Your name; they make large gifts in 
Your name; I am poor; I have nothing; so I take this body of mine and place it 
at Your feet. Do not give me up, O Lord." Such is the prayer proceeding out of 
the depths of the Bhakta's heart. To him who has experienced it, this eternal 
sacrifice of the self unto the Beloved Lord is higher by far than all wealth and 
power, than even all soaring thoughts of renown and enjoyment. The peace of 
the Bhakta's calm resignation is a peace that passeth all understanding and is of 



incomparable value. His Apratikulya is a state of the mind in which it has no 
interests and naturally knows nothing that is opposed to it. In this state of 
sublime resignation everything in the shape of attachment goes away 
completely, except that one all-absorbing love to Him in whom all things live 
and move and have their being. This attachment of love to God is indeed one 
that does not bind the soul but effectively breaks all its bandages. 



Home / Complete- Works / Volume 3 / Para-Bhakti or Supreme Devotion / 

« 

CHAPTER VI 

THE HIGHER KNOWLEDGE AND THE HIGHER LOVE ARE ONE 

TO THE TRUE LOVER 

The Upanishads distinguish between a higher knowledge and a lower 
knowledge; and to the Bhakta there is really no difference between this higher 
knowledge and his higher love (Para-Bhakti). The Mundaka Upanishad says: 

ft ffl Ifeaf ~ " " | hTT " || 

Ml 

i 22 22 TOR*rfepi^ ii 

— "The knowers of the Brahman declare that there are two kinds of knowledge 
worthy to be known, namely, the Higher (Para) and the lower (Apara). Of these 
the lower (knowledge) consists of the Rig- Veda, the Yajur-Veda, the Sama- 
Veda, the Atharva-Veda, the Shiksha (or the science dealing with 
pronunciation and accent), the Kalpa (or the sacrificial liturgy), grammar, the 
Nirukta (or the science dealing with etymology and the meaning of words), 
prosody, and astronomy; and the higher (knowledge) is that by which that 
Unchangeable is known." 

The higher knowledge is thus clearly shown to be the knowledge of the 
Brahman; and the Devi-Bhagavata gives us the following definition of the 
higher love (Para-Bhakti): "As oil poured from one vessel to another falls in an 
unbroken line, so, when the mind in an unbroken stream thinks of the Lord, we 
have what is called Para-Bhakti or supreme love." This kind of undisturbed and 
ever- steady direction of the mind and the heart to the Lord with an inseparable 
attachment is indeed the highest manifestation of man's love to God. All other 
forms of Bhakti are only preparatory to the attainment of this highest form 
thereof, viz the Para-Bhakti which is also known as the love that comes after 
attachment (Raganuga). When this supreme love once comes into the heart of 
man, his mind will continuously think of God and remember nothing else. He 
will give no room in himself to thoughts other than those of God, and his soul 
will be unconquerably pure and will alone break all the bonds of mind and 
matter and become serenely free. He alone can worship the Lord in his own 



heart; to him forms, symbols, books, and doctrines are all unnecessary and are 
incapable of proving serviceable in any way. It is not easy to love the Lord 
thus. Ordinarily human love is seen to flourish only in places where it is 
returned; where love is not returned for love, cold indifference is the natural 
result. There are, however, rare instances in which we may notice love 
exhibiting itself even where there is no return of love. We may compare this 
kind of love, far purposes of illustration, to the love of the moth for the fire; the 
insect loves the fire, falls into it, and dies. It is indeed in the nature of this 
insect to love so. To love because it is the nature of love to love is undeniably 
the highest and the most unselfish manifestation of love that may be seen in the 
world. Such love, working itself out on the plane of spirituality, necessarily 
leads to the attainment of Para-Bhakti. 



» 



« 



Home / Complete- Works / Volume 3 / Para-Bhakti or Supreme Devotion / 



CHAPTER VII 
THE TRIANGLE OF LOVE 

We may represent love as a triangle, each of the angles of which corresponds to 
one of its inseparable characteristics. There can be no triangle without all its 
three angles; and there can be no true love without its three following 
characteristics. The first angle of our triangle of love is that love knows no 
bargaining. Wherever there is any seeking for something in return, there can, 
be no real love; it becomes a mere matter of shop-keeping. As long as there is 
in us any idea of deriving this or that favour from God in return for our respect 
and allegiance to Him, so long there can be no true love growing in our hearts. 
Those who worship God because they wish Him to bestow favours on them are 
sure not to worship Him if those favours are not forthcoming. The Bhakta loves 
the Lord because He is lovable, there is no other motive originating or directing 
this divine emotion of the true devotee. 

We have heard it said that a great king once went into a forest and there met a 
sage. He talked with the sage a little and was very much pleased with his purity 
and wisdom. The king then wanted the sage to oblige him by receiving a 
present from him. The sage refused to do so, saying, "The fruits of the forest 
are enough food for me; the pure streams of water flowing down from the 
mountains give enough drink for me; the barks of the trees supply me with 
enough covering; and the caves of the mountains form my home. Why should I 
take any present from you or from anybody?" The king said, "Just to benefit 
me, sir, please take something from my hands and please come with me to the 
city and to my palace." After much persuasion, the sage at last consented to do 
as the king desired and went with him to his palace. Before offering the gift to 
the sage, the king repeated his prayers, saying, "Lord, give me more children; 
Lord, give me more wealth; Lord, give me more territory; Lord, keep my body 
in better health", and so on. Before the king finished saying his prayer, the sage 
had got up and walked away from the room quietly. At this the king became 
perplexed and began to follow him, crying aloud, "Sir, you are going away, you 
have not received my gifts." The sage turned round to him and said, "I do not 
beg of beggars. You are yourself nothing but a beggar, and how can you give 



me anything? I am no fool to think of taking anything from a beggar like you. 
Go away, do not follow me." 

There is well brought out the distinction between mere beggars and the real 
lovers of God. Begging is not the language of love. To worship God even for 
the sake of salvation or any other rewards equally degenerate. Love knows no 
reward. Love is always for love's sake. The Bhakta loves because he cannot 
help loving. When you see a beautiful scenery and fall in love with it, you do 
not demand anything in the way of favour from the scenery, nor does the 
scenery demand anything from you. Yet the vision thereof brings you to a 
blissful state of the mind; it tones down all the friction in your soul, it makes 
you calm, almost raises you, for the time being, beyond your mortal nature and 
places you in a condition of quite divine ecstasy. This nature of real love is the 
first angle of our triangle. Ask not anything in return for your love; let your 
position be always that of the giver; give your love unto God, but do not ask 
anything in return even from Him. 

The second angle of the triangle of love is that love knows no fear. Those that 
love God through fear are the lowest of human beings, quite undeveloped as 
men. They worship God from fear of punishment. He is a great Being to them, 
with a whip in one hand and the sceptre in the other; if they do not obey Him, 
they are afraid they will be whipped. It is a degradation to worship God 
through fear of punishment; such worship is, if worship at all, the crudest form 
of the worship of love. So long as there is any fear in the heart, how can there 
be love also? Love conquers naturally all fear. Think of a young mother in the 
street and a dog barking at her; she is frightened and flies into nearest house. 
But suppose the next day she is in the street with her child, and a lion springs 
upon the child. Where will be her position now? Of course, in the very mouth 
of the lion, protecting her child. Love conquers all fear. Fear comes from the 
selfish idea of cutting one's self off from the universe. The smaller and the 
more selfish I make myself, the more is my fear. If a man thinks he is a little 
nothing, fear will surely come upon him. And the less you think of yourself as 
an insignificant person, the less fear there will be for you. So long as there is 
the least spark of fear in you there can be no love there. Love and fear are 
incompatible; God is never to be feared by those who love Him. The 
commandment, "Do not take the name of the Lord thy God in vain", the true 



lover of God laughs at. How can there be any blasphemy in the religion of 
love? The more you take the name of the Lord, the better for you, in whatever 
way you may do it. You are only repeating His name because you love Him. 

The third angle of the love-triangle is that love knows no rival, for in it is 
always embodied the lover's highest ideal. True love never comes until the 
object of our love becomes to us our highest ideal. It may be that in many cases 
human love is misdirected and misplaced, but to the person who loves, the 
thing he loves is always his own highest idea. One may see his ideal in the 
vilest of beings, and another in the highest of beings; nevertheless, in every 
case it is the ideal alone that can be truly and intensely loved. The highest ideal 
of every man is called God. Ignorant or wise, saint or sinner, man or woman, 
educated or uneducated, cultivated or uncultivated, to every human being the 
highest ideal is God. The synthesis of all the highest ideals of beauty, of 
sublimity, and of power gives us the completest conception of the loving and 
lovable God. 

These ideals exist in some shape or other in every mind naturally; they form a 
part and parcel of all our minds. All the active manifestations of human nature 
are struggles of those ideals to become realised in practical life. All the various 
movements that we see around us in society are caused by the various ideals in 
various souls trying to come out and become concretised; what is inside presses 
on to come outside. This perennially dominant influence of the ideal is the one 
force, the one motive power, that may be seen to be constantly working in the 
midst of mankind. It may be after hundreds of births, after struggling through 
thousands of years, that man finds that it is vain to try to make the inner ideal 
mould completely the external conditions and square well with them; after 
realising this he no more tries to project his own ideal on the outside world, but 
worships the ideal itself as ideal from the highest standpoint of love. This 
ideally perfect ideal embraces all lower ideals. Every one admits the truth of 
the saying that a lover sees Helen's beauty on an Ethiop's brow. The man who 
is standing aside as a looker-on sees that love is here misplaced, but the lover 
sees his Helen all the same and does not see the Ethiop at all. Helen or Ethiop, 
the objects of our love are really the centres round which our ideals become 
crystallised. What is it that the world commonly worships? Not certainly this 
all-embracing, ideally perfect ideal of the supreme devotee and lover. That 



ideal which men and women commonly worship is what is in themselves; 
every person projects his or her own ideal on the outside world and kneels 
before it. That is why we find that men who are cruel and blood-thirsty 
conceive of a bloodthirsty God, because they can only love their own highest 
ideal. That is why good men have a very high ideal of God, and their ideal is 
indeed so very different from that of others. 



« 



Home / Complete- Works / Volume 3 / Para-Bhakti or Supreme Devotion / 



CHAPTER VIII 

THE GOD OF LOVE IS HIS OWN PROOF 

What is the ideal of the lover who has quite passed beyond the idea of 
selfishness, of bartering and bargaining, and who knows no fear? Even to the 
great God such a man will say, "I will give You my all, and I do not want 
anything from You; indeed there is nothing that I can call my own." When a 
man has acquired this conviction, his ideal becomes one of perfect love, one of 
perfect fearlessness of love. The highest ideal of such a person has no 
narrowness of particularity about it; it is love universal, love without limits and 
bonds, love itself, absolute love. This grand ideal of the religion of love is 
worshipped and loved absolutely as such without the aid of any symbols or 
suggestions. This is the highest form of Para-Bhakti — the worship of such an 
all-comprehending ideal as the ideal; all the other forms of Bhakti are only 
stages on the way to reach it. 

All our failures and all our successes in following the religion of love are on 
the road to the realisation of that one ideal. Object after object is taken up, and 
the inner ideal is successively projected on them all; and all such external 
objects are found inadequate as exponents of the ever-expanding inner ideal 
and are naturally rejected one after another. At last the aspirant begins to think 
that it is vain to try to realise the ideal in external objects, that all external 
objects are as nothing when compared with the ideal itself; and, in course of 
time, he acquires the power of realising the highest and the most generalised 
abstract ideal entirely as an abstraction that is to him quite alive and real. When 
the devotee has reached this point, he is no more impelled to ask whether God 
can be demonstrated or not, whether He is omnipotent and omniscient or not. 

To him He is only the God of Love; He is the highest ideal of love, and that is 
sufficient for all his purposes. He, as love, is self-evident. It requires no proofs 
to demonstrate the existence of the beloved to the lover. The magistrate-Gods 
of other forms of religion may require a good deal of proof prove Them, but the 
Bhakta does not and cannot think of such Gods at all. To him God exists 
entirely as love. "None, O beloved, loves the husband for the husband's sake, 
but it is for the sake of the Self who is in the husband that the husband is loved; 



none, O beloved, loves the wife for the wife's sake, but it is for the sake of the 
Self who is in the wife that the wife is loved." 

It is said by some that selfishness is the only motive power in regard to all 
human activities. That also is love lowered by being particularised. When I 
think of myself as comprehending the Universal, there can surely be no 
selfishness in me; but when I, by mistake, think that I am a little something, my 
love becomes particularized and narrowed. The mistake consists in making the 
sphere of love narrow and contracted. All things in the universe are of divine 
origin and deserve to be loved; it has, however, to be borne in mind that the 
love of the whole includes the love of the parts. This whole is the God of the 
Bhaktas, and all the other Gods, Fathers in Heaven, or Rulers, or Creators, and 
all theories and doctrines and books have no purpose and no meaning for them, 
seeing that they have through their supreme love and devotion risen above 
those things altogether. When the heart is purified and cleansed and filled to the 
brim with the divine nectar of love, all other ideas of God become simply 
puerile and are rejected as being inadequate or unworthy. Such is indeed the 
power of Para-Bhakti or Supreme Love; and the perfected Bhakta no more goes 
to see God in temples and churches; he knows no place where he will not find 
Him. He finds Him in the temple as well as out of the temple, he finds Him in 
the saint's saintliness as well as in the wicked man's wickedness, because he 
has Him already seated in glory in his own heart as the one Almighty 
inextinguishable Light of Love which is ever shining and eternally present. 



» 



Home / Complete- Works / Volume 3 / Para-Bhakti or Supreme Devotion / 

« 

CHAPTER IX 

HUMAN REPRESENTATIONS OF THE DIVINE IDEAL OF LOVE 

It is impossible to express the nature of this supreme and absolute ideal of love 
in human language. Even the highest flight of human imagination is incapable 
of comprehending it in all its infinite perfection and beauty. Nevertheless, the 
followers of the religion of love, in its higher as well as its lower forms, in all 
countries, have all along had to use the inadequate human language to 
comprehend and to define their own ideal of love. Nay more, human love itself, 
in all its varied forms has been made to typify this inexpressible divine love. 
Man can think of divine things only in his own human way, to us the Absolute 
can be expressed only in our relative language. The whole universe is to us a 
writing of the Infinite in the language of the finite. Therefore Bhaktas make use 
of all the common terms associated with the common love of humanity in 
relation to God and His worship through love. 

Some of the great writers on Para-Bhakti have tried to understand and 
experience this divine love in so many different ways. The lowest form in 
which this love is apprehended is what they call the peaceful — the Shanta. 
When a man worships God without the fire of love in him, without its madness 
in his brain, when his love is just the calm commonplace love, a little higher 
than mere forms and ceremonies and symbols, but not at all characterized by 
the madness of intensely active love, it is said to be Shanta. We see some 
people in the world who like to move on slowly, and others who come and go 
like the whirlwind. The Shanta-Bhakta is calm, peaceful, gentle. 

The next higher type is that of Dasya, i.e. servantship; it comes when a man 
thinks he is the servant of the Lord. The attachment of the faithful servant unto 
the master is his ideal. 

The next type of love is Sakhya, friendship — "Thou art our beloved friend." 
Just as a man opens his heart to his friend and knows that the friend will never 
chide him for his faults but will always try to help him, just as there is the idea 
of equality between him and his friend, so equal love flows in and out between 



the worshipper and his friendly God. Thus God becomes our friend, the friend 
who is near, the friend to whom we may freely tell all the tales of our lives. The 
innermost secrets of our hearts we may place before Him with the great 
assurance of safety and support. He is the friend whom the devotee accepts as 
an equal. God is viewed here as our playmate. We may well say that we are all 
playing in this universe. Just as children play their games, just as the most 
glorious kings and emperors play their own games, so is the Beloved Lord 
Himself in sport with this universe. He is perfect; He does not want anything. 
Why should He create? Activity is always with us for the fulfilment of a certain 
want, and want always presupposes imperfection. God is perfect; He has no 
wants. Why should He go on with this work of an ever-active creation? What 
purpose has He in view? The stories about God creating this world for some 
end or other that we imagine are good as stories, but not otherwise. It is all 
really in sport; the universe is His play going on. The whole universe must after 
all be a big piece of pleasing fun to Him. If you are poor, enjoy that as fun; if 
you are rich, enjoy the fun of being rich; if dangers come, it is also good fun; if 
happiness comes, there is more good fun. The world is just a playground, and 
we are here having good fun, having a game; and God is with us playing all the 
while, and we are with Him playing. God is our eternal playmate. How 
beautifully He is playing! The play is finished when the cycle: comes to an end. 
There is rest for a shorter or longer time; again all come out and play. It is only 
when you forget that it is all play and that you are also helping in the play, it is 
only then that misery and sorrows come. Then the heart becomes heavy, then 
the world weighs upon you with tremendous power. But as soon as you give up 
the serious idea of reality as the characteristic of the changing incidents of the 
three minutes of life and know it to be but a stage on which we are playing, 
helping Him to play, at once misery ceases for you. He plays in every atom; He 
is playing when He is building up earths, and suns, and moons; He is playing 
with the human heart, with animals, with plants. We are His chessmen; He puts 
the chessmen on the board and shakes them up. He arranges us first in one way 
and then in another, and we are consciously or unconsciously helping in His 
play. And, oh, bliss! we are His playmates! 

The next is what is known as Vatsalya, loving God not as our Father but as our 
Child. This may look peculiar, but it is a discipline to enable us to detach all 
ideas of power from the concept of God. The idea of power brings with it awe. 



There should be no awe in love. The ideas of reverence and obedience are 
necessary for the formation of character; but when character is formed, when 
the lover has tasted the calm, peaceful love and tasted also a little of its intense 
madness, then he need talk no more of ethics and discipline. To conceive God 
as mighty, majestic, and glorious, as the Lord of the universe, or as the God of 
gods, the lover says he does not care. It is to avoid this association with God of 
the fear-creating sense of power that he worships God as his own child. The 
mother and the father are not moved by awe in relation to the child; they cannot 
have any reverence for the child. They cannot think of asking any favour from 
the child. The child's position is always that of the receiver, and out of love for 
the child the parents will give up their bodies a hundred times over. A thousand 
lives they will sacrifice for that one child of theirs, and, therefore, God is loved 
as a child. This idea of loving God as a child comes into existence and grows 
naturally among those religious sects which believe in the incarnation of God. 
For the Mohammedans it is impossible to have this idea of God as a child; they 
will shrink from it with a kind of horror. But the Christian and the Hindu can 
realise it easily, because they have the baby Jesus and the baby Krishna. The 
women in India often look upon themselves as Krishna's mother; Christian 
mothers also may take up the idea that they are Christ's mothers, and it will 
bring to the West the knowledge of God's Divine Motherhood which they so 
much need. The superstitions of awe and reverence in relation to God are 
deeply rooted in the bears of our hearts, and it takes long years to sink entirely 
in love our ideas of reverence and veneration, of awe and majesty and glory 
with regard to God. 

There is one more human representation of the divine ideal of love. It is known 
as Madhura, sweet, and is the highest of all such representations. It is indeed 
based on the highest manifestation of love in this world, and this love is also 
the strongest known to man. What love shakes the whole nature of man, what 
love runs through every atom of his being — makes him mad, makes him 
forget his own nature, transforms him, makes him either a God or a demon — 
as the love between man and woman. In this sweet representation of divine 
love God is our husband. We are all women; there are no men in this world; 
there is but One man, and this is He, our Beloved. All that love which man 
gives to woman, or woman to man, has her to be given up to the Lord. 



All the different kinds of love which we see in the world, and with which we 
are more or less playing merely, have God as the one goal; but unfortunately, 
man does not know the infinite ocean into which this mighty river of love is 
constantly flowing, and so, foolishly, he often tries to direct it to little dolls of 
human beings. The tremendous love for the child that is in human nature is not 
for the little doll of a child; if you bestow it blindly and exclusively on the 
child, you will suffer in consequence. But through such suffering will come the 
awakening by which you are sure to find out that the love which is in you, if it 
is given to any human being, will sooner or later bring pain and sorrow as the 
result. Our love must, therefore, be given to the Highest One who never dies 
and never changes, to Him in the ocean of whose love there is neither ebb nor 
flow. Love must get to its right destination, it must go unto Him who is really 
the infinite ocean of love. All rivers flow into the ocean. Even the drop of water 
coming down from the mountain side cannot stop its course after reaching a 
brook or a river, however big it may be; at last even that drop somehow does 
find its way to the ocean. God is the one goal of all our passions and emotions. 
If you want to be angry, be angry with Him. Chide your Beloved, chide your 
Friend. Whom else can you safely chide? Mortal man will not patiently put up 
with your anger; there will be a reaction. If you are angry with me I am sure 
quickly to react, because I cannot patiently put up with your anger. Say unto 
the Beloved, "Why do You not come to me; why do You leave me thus alone?" 
Where is there any enjoyment but in Him? What enjoyment can there be in 
little clods of earth? It is the crystallised essence of infinite enjoyment that we 
have to seek, and that is in God. Let all our passions and emotions go up unto 
Him They are meant for Him, for if they miss their mark and go lower, they 
become vile; and when they go straight to the mark, to the Lord, even the 
lowest of them becomes transfigured. All the energies of the human body and 
mind, howsoever they may express themselves, have the Lord as their one goal, 
as their Ekayana. All loves and all passions of the human heart must go to God. 
He is the Beloved. Whom else can this heart love? He is the most beautiful, the 
most sublime, He is beauty itself, sublimity itself. Who in this universe is more 
beautiful than He? Who in this universe is more fit to become the husband than 
He? Who in this universe is fitter to be loved than He? So let Him be the 
husband, let Him be the Beloved. 

Often it so happens that divine lovers who sing of this divine love accept the 



language of human love in all its aspects as adequate to describe it. Fools do 
not understand this; they never will. They look at it only with the physical eye. 
They do not understand the mad throes of this spiritual love. How can they? 
"For one kiss of Thy lips, O Beloved! One who has been kissed by Thee, has 
his thirst for Thee increasing for ever, all his sorrows vanish, and he forgets all 
things except Thee alone." Aspire after that kiss of the Beloved, that touch of 
His lips which makes the Bhakta mad, which makes of man a god. To him, 
who has been blessed with such a kiss, the whole of nature changes, worlds 
vanish, suns and moons die out, and the universe itself melts away into that one 
infinite ocean of love. That is the perfection of the madness of love 

Ay, the true spiritual lover does not rest even there; even the love of husband 
and wife is not mad enough for him. The Bhaktas take up also the idea of 
illegitimate love, because it is so strong; the impropriety of it is not at all the 
thing they have in view. The nature if this love is such that the more 
obstructions there are for its free play, the more passionate it becomes. The 
love between husband and wife is smooth, there are no obstructions there. So 
the Bhaktas take up the idea of a girl who is in love with her own beloved, and 
her mother or father or husband objects to such love; and the more anybody 
obstructs the course of her love, so much the more is her love tending to grow 
in strength. Human language cannot describe how Krishna in the groves of 
Vrinda was madly loved, how at the sound of his voice the ever-blessed Gopis 
rushed out to meet him, forgetting everything, forgetting this world and its ties, 
its duties, its joys, and its sorrows. Man, O man, you speak of divine love and 
at the same time are able to attend to all the vanities of this world — are you 
sincere? "Where Rama is, there is no room for any desire — where desire is, 
there is no room for Rama; these never coexist — like light and darkness they 
are never together." 



» 



« 



Home / Complete- Works / Volume 3 / Para-Bhakti or Supreme Devotion / 



CHAPTER X 
CONCLUSION 

When this highest ideal of love is reached, philosophy is thrown away; who 
will then care for it? Freedom, Salvation, Nirvana — all are thrown away; who 
cares to become free while in the enjoyment of divine love? "Lord, I do not 
want wealth, nor friends, nor beauty, nor learning, nor even freedom; let me be 
born again and again, and be Thou ever my Love. Be Thou ever and ever my 
Love." "Who cares to become sugar?" says the Bhakta, "I want to taste sugar." 
Who will then desire to become free and one with God? "I may know that I am 
He; yet will I take myself away from Him and become different, so that I may 
enjoy the Beloved." That is what the Bhakta says. Love for love's sake is his 
highest enjoyment. Who will not be bound hand and foot a thousand times over 
to enjoy the Beloved? No Bhakta cares for anything except love, except to love 
and to be loved. His unworldly love is like the tide rushing up the river; this 
lover goes up the river against the current. The world calls him mad I know one 
whom the world used to call mad, and this was his answer: "My friends, the 
whole world is a lunatic asylum. Some are mad after worldly love, some after 
name, some after fame, some after money, some after salvation and going to 
heaven. In this big lunatic asylum I am also mad, I am mad after God. If you 
are mad after money, I am mad after God. You are mad; so am 1. 1 think my 
madness is after all the best." The true Bhakta's love is this burning madness 
before which everything else vanishes for him. The whole universe is to him 
full of love and love alone; that is how it seems to the lover. So when a man 
has this love in him, he becomes eternally blessed, eternally happy. This 
blessed madness of divine love alone can cure for ever the disease of the world 
that is in us. With desire, selfishness has vanished. He has drawn near to God, 
he has thrown off all those vain desires of which he was full before. 

We all have to begin as dualists in the religion of love. God is to us a separate 
Being, and we feel ourselves to be separate beings also. Love then comes in the 
middle, and man begins to approach God, and God also comes nearer and 
nearer to man. Man takes up all the various relationships of life, as father, as 
mother, as son, as friend, as master, as lover, and projects them on his ideal of 



love, on his God. To him God exists as all these, and the last point of his 
progress is reached when he feels that he has become absolutely merged in the 
object of his worship. We all begin with love for ourselves, and the unfair 
claims of the little self make even love selfish. At last, however, comes the full 
blaze of light, in which this little self is seen to have become one with the 
Infinite. Man himself is transfigured in the presence of this Light of Love, and 
he realises at last the beautiful and inspiring truth that Love, the Lover, and the 
Beloved are One. 



» 



Complete works of Swami Vivekananda 
Volume 3 

Lectures from Colombo to Almora 

First Public Lecture in the East (Colombo) 

Vedantism 

Reply to the Address of Welcome at Pamban 

Address at the Rameswaram Temple on Real Worship 

Reply to the Address of Welcome at Ramnad 

Reply to the Address of Welcome at Paramakudi 

Reply to the Address of Welcome at Shivaganga and Manamadura 

Reply to the Address of Welcome at Madura 

The Mission of the Vedanta 

Reply to the Address of Welcome at Madras 

My Plan of Campaign 

Vedanta in its Application to Indian Life 

The Sages of India 

The Work before us 

The Future of India 



On Charity 



Address of Welcome Presented at Calcutta and Reply 

The Vedanta in all its phases 

Address of Welcome at Almora and Reply 

Vedic Teaching in Theory and Practice 

Bhakti 

The Common Bases of Hinduism 

Bhakti 

The Vedanta 

Vedantism 

The Influence of Indian Spiritual Thought in England 
Sannyasa: Its Ideal and Practice 
What have I learnt? 

The Religion we are born in 



« 



Home / Complete- Works / Volume 3 / Lectures from Colombo to Almora / 



FIRST PUBLIC LECTURE IN THE EAST 

( Delivered in Colombo) 

After his memorable work in the West, Swami Vivekananda landed at 
Colombo on the afternoon of January 15, 1897, and was given a right royal 
reception by the Hindu community there. The following address of welcome 
was then presented to him: 

SRIMAT VIVEKANANDA SWAMI 



Revered Sir, 

In pursuance of a resolution passed at a public meeting of the Hindus of the 
city of Colombo, we beg to offer you a hearty welcome to this Island. We deem 
it a privilege to be the first to welcome you on your return home from your 
great mission in the West. 

We have watched with joy and thankfulness the success with which the mission 
has, under God's blessing, been crowned. You have proclaimed to the nations 
of Europe and America the Hindu ideal of a universal religion, harmonising all 
creeds, providing spiritual food for each soul according to its needs, and 
lovingly drawing it unto God. You have preached the Truth and the Way, 
taught from remote ages by a succession of Masters whose blessed feet have 
walked and sanctified the soil of India, and whose gracious presence and 
inspiration have made her, through all her vicissitudes, the Light of the World. 

To the inspiration of such a Master, Shri Ramakrishna Paramahamsa Deva, and 
to your self-sacrificing zeal, Western nations owe the priceless boon of being 
placed in living contact with the spiritual genius of India, while to many of our 
own countrymen, delivered from the glamour of Western civilisation, the value 
of Our glorious heritage has been brought home. 

By your noble work and example you have laid humanity under an obligation 
difficult to repay, and you have shed fresh lustre upon our Motherland. We 



pray that the grace of God may continue to prosper you and your work, and 

We remain, Revered Sir, 

Yours faithfully, 

for and on behalf of the Hindus of Colombo, 

P. COOMARA SWAMY, 

Member of the Legislative Council of Ceylon, 

Chairman of the Meeting. 

A. KULAVEERASINGHAM, Secretary. 

Colombo, January, 1897. 

The Swami gave a brief reply, expressing his appreciation of the kind welcome 
he had received. He took advantage of the opportunity to point out that the 
demonstration had not been made in honour of a great politician, or a great 
soldier, or a millionaire, but of a begging Sannyasin, showing the tendency of 
the Hindu mind towards religion. He urged the necessity of keeping religion as 
the backbone of the national life if the nation were to live, and disclaimed any 
personal character for the welcome he had received, but insisted upon its being 
the recognition of a principle. 

On the evening of the 16th the Swami gave the following public lecture in the 
Floral Hall: 

What little work has been done by me has not been from any inherent power 
that resides in me, but from the cheers, the goodwill, the blessings that have 
followed my path in the West from this our very beloved, most sacred, dear 
Motherland. Some good has been done, no doubt, in the West, but specially to 
myself; for what before was the result of an emotional nature, perhaps, has 
gained the certainty of conviction and attained the power and strength of 
demonstration. Formerly I thought as every Hindu thinks, and as the Hon. 
President has just pointed out to you, that this is the Punya Bhumi, the land of 
Karma. Today I stand here and say, with the conviction of truth, that it is so. If 
there is any land on this earth that can lay claim to be the blessed Punya 
Bhumi, to be the land to which all souls on this earth must come to account for 
Karma, the land to which every soul that is wending its way Godward must 



come to attain its last home, the land where humanity has attained its highest 
towards gentleness, towards generosity, towards purity, towards calmness, 
above all, the land of introspection and of spirituality — it is India. Hence have 
started the founders of religions from the most ancient times, deluging the earth 
again and again with the pure and perennial waters of spiritual truth. Hence 
have proceeded the tidal waves of philosophy that have covered the earth, East 
or West, North or South, and hence again must start the wave which is going to 
spiritualise the material civilisation of the world. Here is the life-giving water 
with which must be quenched the burning fire of materialism which is burning 
the core of the hearts of millions in other lands. Believe me, my friends, this is 
going to be. 

So much I have seen, and so far those of you who are students of the history of 
races are already aware of this fact. The debt which the world owes to our 
Motherland is immense. Taking country with country, there is not one race on 
this earth to which the world owes so much as to the patient Hindu, the mild 
Hindu. "The mild Hindu" sometimes is used as an expression of reproach; but 
if ever a reproach concealed a wonderful truth, it is in the term, "the mild 
Hindu", who has always been the blessed child of God. Civilisations have 
arisen in other parts of the world. In ancient times and in modern times, great 
ideas have emanated from strong and great races. In ancient and in modern 
times, wonderful ideas have been carried forward from one race to another. In 
ancient and in modern times, seeds of great truth and power have been cast 
abroad by the advancing tides of national life; but mark you, my friends, it has 
been always with the blast of war trumpets and with the march of embattled 
cohorts. Each idea had to be soaked in a deluge of blood. Each idea had to 
wade through the blood of millions of our fellow-beings. Each word of power 
had to be followed by the groans of millions, by the wails of orphans, by the 
tears of widows. This, in the main, other nations have taught; but India has for 
thousands of years peacefully existed. Here activity prevailed when even 
Greece did not exist, when Rome was not thought of, when the very fathers of 
the modern Europeans lived in the forests and painted themselves blue. Even 
earlier, when history has no record, and tradition dares not peer into the gloom 
of that intense past, even from then until now, ideas after ideas have marched 
out from her, but every word has been spoken with a blessing behind it and 
peace before it. We, of all nations of the world, have never been a conquering 



race, and that blessing is on our head, and therefore we live. 

There was a time when at the sound of the march of big Greek battalions the 
earth trembled. Vanished from off the face of the earth, with not every a tale 
left behind to tell, gone is that ancient land of the Greeks. There was a time 
when the Roman Eagle floated over everything worth having in this world; 
everywhere Rome's power was felt and pressed on the head of humanity; the 
earth trembled at the name of Rome. But the Capitoline Hill is a mass of ruins, 
the spider weaves its web where the Caesars ruled. There have been other 
nations equally glorious that have come and gone, living a few hours of 
exultant and exuberant dominance and of a wicked national life, and then 
vanishing like ripples on the face of the waters. Thus have these nations made 
their mark on the face of humanity. But we live, and if Manu came back today 
he would not be bewildered, and would not find himself in a foreign land. The 
same laws are here, laws adjusted and thought out through thousands and 
thousands of years; customs, the outcome of the acumen of ages and the 
experience of centuries, that seem to be eternal; and as the days go by, as blow 
after blow of misfortune has been delivered upon them, such blows seem to 
have served one purpose only, that of making them stronger and more constant. 
And to find the centre of all this, the heart from which the blood flows, the 
mainspring of the national life, believe me when I say after my experience of 
the world, that it is here. 

To the other nations of the world, religion is one among the many occupations 
of life. There is politics, there are the enjoyments of social life, there is all that 
wealth can buy or power can bring, there is all that the senses can enjoy; and 
among all these various occupations of life and all this searching after 
something which can give yet a little more whetting to the cloyed senses — 
among all these, there is perhaps a little bit of religion. But here, in India, 
religion is the one and the only occupation of life. How many of you know that 
there has been a Sino-Japanese War? Very few of you, if any. That there are 
tremendous political movements and socialistic movements trying to transform 
Western society, how many of you know? Very few indeed, if any. But that 
there was a Parliament of Religions in America, and that there was a Hindu 
Sannyasin sent over there, I am astonished to find that even the cooly knows of 
it. That shows the way the wind blows, where the national life is. I used to read 



books written by globe-trotting travellers, especially foreigners, who deplored 
the ignorance of the Eastern masses, but I found out that it was partly true and 
at the same time partly untrue. If you ask a ploughman in England, or America, 
or France, or Germany to what party he belongs, he can tell you whether he 
belongs to the Radicals or the Conservatives, and for whom he is going to vote. 
In America he will say whether he is Republican or Democrat, and he even 
knows something about the silver question. But if you ask him about his 
religion, he will tell you that he goes to church and belongs to a certain 
denomination. That is all he knows, and he thinks it is sufficient. 

Now, when we come to India, if you ask one of our ploughmen, "Do you know 
anything about politics?" He will reply, "What is that?" He does not understand 
the socialistic movements, the relation between capital and labour, and all that; 
he has never heard of such things in his life, he works hard and earns his bread. 
But you ask, "What is your religion?" he replies, "Look here, my friend, I have 
marked it on my forehead." He can give you a good hint or two on questions of 
religion. That has been my experience. That is our nation's life. 

Individuals have each their own peculiarities, and each man has his own 
method of growth, his own life marked out for him by the infinite past life, by 
all his past Karma as we Hindus say. Into this world he comes with all the past 
on him, the infinite past ushers the present, and the way in which we use the 
present is going to make the future. Thus everyone born into this world has a 
bent, a direction towards which he must go, through which he must live, and 
what is true of the individual is equally true of the race. Each race, similarly, 
has a peculiar bent, each race has a peculiar raison d'etre , each race has a 
peculiar mission to fulfil in the life of the world. Each race has to make its own 
result, to fulfil its own mission. Political greatness or military power is never 
the mission of our race; it never was, and, mark my words, it never will be. But 
there has been the other mission given to us, which is to conserve, to preserve, 
to accumulate, as it were, into a dynamo, all the spiritual energy of the race, 
and that concentrated energy is to pour forth in a deluge on the world whenever 
circumstances are propitious. Let the Persian or the Greek, the Roman, the 
Arab, or the Englishman march his battalions, conquer the world, and link the 
different nations together, and the philosophy and spirituality of India is ever 
ready to flow along the new-made channels into the veins of the nations of the 



world. The Hindu's calm brain must pour out its own quota to give to the sum 
total of human progress. India's gift to the world is the light spiritual. 

Thus, in the past, we read in history that whenever there arose a greet 
conquering nation uniting the different races of the world, binding India with 
the other races, taking her out, as it were, from her loneliness and from her 
aloofness from the rest of the world into which she again and again cast herself, 
that whenever such a state has been brought about, the result has been the 
flooding of the world with Indian spiritual ideas. At the beginning of this 
century, Schopenhauer, the great German philosopher, studying from a not 
very clear translation of the Vedas made from an old translation into Persian 
and thence by a young Frenchman into Latin, says, "In the whole world there is 
no study so beneficial and so elevating as that of the Upanishads. It has been 
the solace of my life, it will be the solace of my death." This great German sage 
foretold that "The world is about to see a revolution in thought more extensive 
and more powerful than that which was witnessed by the Renaissance of Greek 
Literature", and today his predictions are coming to pass. Those who keep their 
eyes open, those who understand the workings in the minds of different nations 
of the West, those who are thinkers and study the different nations, will find the 
immense change that has been produced in the tone, the procedure, in the 
methods, and in the literature of the world by this slow, never-ceasing 
permeation of Indian thought. 

But there is another peculiarity, as I have already hinted to you. We never 
preached our thoughts with fire and sword. If there is one word in the English 
language to represent the gift of India to the world, if there is one word in the 
English language to express the effect which the literature of India produces 
upon mankind, it is this one word, "fascination". It is the opposite of anything 
that takes you suddenly; it throws on you, as it were, a charm imperceptibly. To 
many, Indian thought, Indian manners; Indian customs, Indian philosophy, 
Indian literature are repulsive at the first sight; but let them persevere, let them 
read, let them become familiar with the great principles underlying these ideas, 
and it is ninety-nine to one that the charm will come over them, and fascination 
will be the result. Slow and silent, as the gentle dew that falls in the morning, 
unseen and unheard yet producing a most tremendous result, has been the work 
of the calm, patient, all- suffering spiritual race upon the world of thought. 



Once more history is going to repeat itself. For today, under the blasting light 
of modern science, when old and apparently strong and invulnerable beliefs 
have been shattered to their very foundations, when special claims laid to the 
allegiance of mankind by different sects have been all blown into atoms and 
have vanished into air, when the sledge-hammer blows of modern antiquarian 
researches are pulverising like masses of porcelain all sorts of antiquated 
orthodoxies, when religion in the West is only in the hands of the ignorant and 
the knowing ones look down with scorn upon anything belonging to religion, 
here comes to the fore the philosophy of India, which displays the highest 
religious aspirations of the Indian mind, where the grandest philosophical facts 
have been the practical spirituality of the people. This naturally is coming to 
the rescue, the idea of the oneness of all, the Infinite, the idea of the 
Impersonal, the wonderful idea of the eternal soul of man, of the unbroken 
continuity in the march of beings, and the infinity of the universe. The old sects 
looked upon the world as a little mud-puddle and thought that time began but 
the other day. It was there in our old books, and only there that the grand idea 
of the infinite range of time, space, and causation, and above all, the infinite 
glory of the spirit of man governed all the search for religion. When the 
modern tremendous theories of evolution and conservation of energy and so 
forth are dealing death blows to all sorts of crude theologies, what can hold any 
more the allegiance of cultured humanity but the most wonderful, convincing, 
broadening, and ennobling ideas that can be found only in that most marvellous 
product of the soul of man, the wonderful voice of God, the Vedanta? 

At the same time, I must remark that what I mean by our religion working upon 
the nations outside of India comprises only the principles, the background, the 
foundation upon which that religion is built. The detailed workings, the minute 
points which have been worked out through centuries of social necessity, little 
ratiocinations about manners and customs and social well-being, do not rightly 
find a place in the category of religion. We know that in our books a clear 
distinction is made between two sets of truths. The one set is that which abides 
for ever, being built upon the nature of man, the nature of the soul, the soul's 
relation to God, the nature of God, perfection, and so on; there are also the 
principles of cosmology, of the infinitude of creation, or more correctly 
speaking — projection, the wonderful law of cyclical procession, and so on — 



these are the eternal principles founded upon the universal laws in nature. The 
other set comprises the minor laws which guided the working of our everyday 
life They belong more properly to the Puranas, to the Smritis, and not to the 
Shrutis. These have nothing to do with the other principles. Even in our own 
nation these minor laws have been changing all the time. Customs of one age, 
of one Yuga, have not been the customs of another, and as Yuga comes after 
Yuga, they will still have to change. Great Rishis will appear and lead us to 
customs and manners that are suited to new environments. 

The great principles underlying all this wonderful, infinite, ennobling, 
expansive view of man and God and the world have been produced in India. In 
India alone man has not stood up to fight for a little tribal God, saying "My 
God is true and yours is not true; let us have a good fight over it." It was only 
here that such ideas did not occur as fighting for little gods. These great 
underlying principles, being based upon the eternal nature of man, are as potent 
today for working for the good of the human race as they were thousands of 
years ago, and they will remain so, so tong as this earth remains, so long as the 
law of Karma remains, so long as we are born as individuals and have to work 
out our own destiny by our individual power. 

And above all, what India has to give to the world is this. If we watch the 
growth and development of religions in different races, we shall always find 
this that each tribe at the beginning has a god of its own. If the tribes are allied 
to each other, these gods will have a generic name, as for example, all the 
Babylonian gods had. When the Babylonians were divided into many races, 
they had the generic name of Baal, just as the Jewish races had different gods 
with the common name of Moloch; and at the same time you will find that one 
of these tribes becomes superior to the rest, and lays claim to its own king as 
the king over all. Therefrom it naturally follows that it also wants to preserve 
its own god as the god of all the races. Baal-Merodach, said the Babylonians, 
was the greatest god; all the others were inferior. Moloch- Yahveh was the 
superior over all other Molochs. And these questions had to be decided by the 
fortunes of battle. The same struggle was here also. In India the same 
competing gods had been struggling with each other for supremacy, but the 
great good fortune of this country and of the world was that there came out in 
the midst of the din and confusion a voice which declared ^ — 



"That which exists is One; sages call It by various names." It is not that Shiva 
is superior to Vishnu, not that Vishnu is everything and Shiva is nothing, but it 
is the same one whom you call either Shiva, or Vishnu, or by a hundred other 
names. The names are different, but it is the same one. The whole history of 
India you may read in these few words. The whole history has been a repetition 
in massive language, with tremendous power, of that one central doctrine. It 
was repeated in the land till it had entered into the blood of the nation, till it 
began to tingle with every drop of blood that flowed in its veins, till it became 
one with the life, part and parcel of the material of which it was composed; and 
thus the land was transmuted into the most wonderful land of toleration, giving 
the right to welcome the various religions as well as all sects into the old 
mother-country. 

And herein is the explanation of the most remarkable phenomenon that is only 
witnessed here — all the various sects, apparently hopelessly contradictory, yet 
living in such harmony. You may be a dualist, and I may be a monist. You may 
believe that you are the eternal servant of God, and I may declare that I am one 
with God Himself; yet both of us are good Hindus. How is that possible? Read 
then — "That which exists is One; sages call It by various 

names." Above all others, my countrymen, this is the one grand truth that we 
have to teach to the world. Even the most educated people of other countries 
turn up their noses at an angle of forty-five degrees and call our religion 
idolatry. I have seen that; and they never stopped to think what a mass of 
superstition there was in their own heads. It is still so everywhere, this 
tremendous sectarianism, the low narrowness of the mind. The thing which a 
man has is the only thing worth having; the only life worth living is his own 
little life of dollar- worship and mammon- worship; the only little possession 
worth having is his own property, and nothing else. If he can manufacture a 
little clay nonsense or invent a machine, that is to be admired beyond the 
greatest possessions. That is the case over the whole world in spite of education 
and learning. But education has yet to be in the world, and civilisation — 
civilisation has begun nowhere yet. Ninety-nine decimal nine per cent of the 
human race are more or less savages even now. We may read of these things in 
books, and we hear of toleration in religion and all that, but very little of it is 
there yet in the world; take my experience for that. Ninety-nine per cent do not 
even think of it. There is tremendous religious persecution yet in every country 



in which I have been, and the same old objections are raised against learning 
anything new. The little toleration that is in the world, the little sympathy that 
is yet in the world for religious thought, is practically here in the land of the 
Aryan, and nowhere else. It is here that Indians build temples for 
Mohammedans and Christians; nowhere else. If you go to other countries and 
ask Mohammedans or people of other religions to build a temple for you, see 
how they will help. They will instead try to break down your temple and you 
too if they can. The one great lesson, therefore, that the world wants most, that 
the world has yet to learn from India, is the idea not only of toleration, but of 
sympathy. Well has it been said in the Mahimnah-stotra : "As the different 
rivers, taking their start from different mountains, running straight or crooked, 
at last come unto the ocean, so, O Shiva, the different paths which men take 
through different tendencies, various though they appear, crooked or straight, 
all lead unto These." Though they may take various roads, all are on the ways. 
Some may run a little crooked, others may run straight, but at last they will all 
come unto the Lord, the One. Then and then alone, is your Bhakti of Shiva 
complete when you not only see Him in the Linga, but you see Him 
everywhere. He is the sage, he is the lover of Hari who sees Hari in everything 
and in everyone. If you are a real lover of Shiva, you must see Him in 
everything and in everyone. You must see that every worship is given unto 
Him whatever may be the name or the form; that all knees bending towards the 
Caaba, or kneeling in a Christian church, or in a Buddhist temple are kneeling 
to Him whether they know it or not, whether they are conscious of it or not; 
that in whatever name or form they are offered, all these flowers are laid at His 
feet; for He is the one Lord of all, the one Soul of all souls. He knows infinitely 
better what this world wants than you or I. It is impossible that all difference 
can cease; it must exist; without variation life must cease. It is this clash, the 
differentiation of thought that makes for light, for motion, for everything. 
Differentiation, infinitely contradictory, must remain, but it is not necessary 
that we should hate each other therefore; it is not necessary therefore that we 
should fight each other. 

Therefore we have again to learn the one central truth that was preached only 
here in our Motherland, and that has to be preached once more from India. 
Why? Because not only is it in our books, but it runs through every phase of 
our national literature and is in the national life. Here and here alone is it 



practiced every day, and any man whose eyes are open can see that it is 
practiced here and here alone. Thus we have to teach religion. There are other 
and higher lessons that India can teach, but they are only for the learned. The 
lessons of mildness, gentleness, forbearance, toleration, sympathy, and 
brotherhood, everyone may learn, whether man, woman, or child, learned or 
unlearned, without respect of race, caste, or creed. "They call Thee by various 
names; Thou art One." 



» 



« 



Home / Complete- Works / Volume 3 / Lectures from Colombo to Almora / 



VEDANTISM 

The following address of welcome from the Hindus of Jaffna was presented to 
Swami Vivekananda: 

SRIMAT VIVEKANANDA SWAMI 



Revered Sir, 

We, the inhabitants of Jaffna professing the Hindu religion, desire to offer you 
a most hearty welcome to our land, the chief centre of Hinduism in Ceylon, and 
to express our thankfulness for your kind acceptance of our invitation to visit 
this part of Lanka. 

Our ancestors settled here from Southern India, more than two thousand years 
ago, and brought with them their religion, which was patronised by the Tamil 
kings of Jaffna; but when their government was displaced by that of the 
Portuguese and the Dutch, the observance of religious rites was interfered with, 
public religious worship was prohibited, and the Sacred Temples, including 
two of the most far-famed Shrines, were razed to the ground by the cruel hand 
of persecution. In spite of the persistent attempts of these nations to force upon 
our forefathers the Christian religion, they clung to their old faith firmly, and 
have transmitted it to us as the noblest of our heritages Now under the rule of 
Great Britain, not only has there been a great and intelligent revival, but the 
sacred edifices have been, and are being, restored. 

We take this opportunity to express our deep-felt gratitude for your noble and 
disinterested labours in the cause of our religion in carrying the light of truth, 
as revealed in the Vedas, to the Parliament of Religions, in disseminating the 
truths of the Divine Philosophy of India in America and England, and in 
making the Western world acquainted with the truths of Hinduism and thereby 
bringing the West in closer touch with the East. We also express our 
thankfulness to you for initiating a movement for the revival of our ancient 
religion in this materialistic age when there is a decadence of faith and a 
disregard for search after spiritual truth. 



We cannot adequately express our indebtedness to you for making the people 
of the West know the catholicity of our religion and for impressing upon the 
minds of the savants of the West the truth that there are more things in the 
Philosophy of the Hindus than are dreamt of in the Philosophy of the West. 

We need hardly assure you that we have been carefully watching the progress 
of your Mission in the West and always heartily rejoicing at your devotedness 
and successful labours in the field of religion. The appreciative references 
made by the press in the great centres of intellectual activity, moral growth, and 
religious inquiry in the West, to you and to your valuable contributions to our 
religious literature, bear eloquent testimony to your noble and magnificent 
efforts. 

We beg to express our heartfelt gratification at your visit to our land and to 
hope that we, who, in common with you, look to the Vedas as the foundation of 
all true spiritual knowledge, may have many more occasions of seeing you in 
our midst. 

May God, who has hitherto crowned your noble work with conspicuous 
success, spare you long, giving you vigour and strength to continue your noble 
Mission. 



We remain, Revered Sir, 
Yours faithfully, 

for and on behalf of the HINDUS OF JAFFNA. 

An eloquent reply was given, and on the following evening the Swami lectured 
on Vedantism , a report of which is here appended: 

The subject is very large and the time is short; a full analysis of the religion of 
the Hindus is impossible in one lecture. I will, therefore, present before you the 
salient points of our religion in as simple language as I can. The word Hindu, 
by which it is the fashion nowadays to style ourselves, has lost all its meaning, 
for this word merely meant those who lived on the other side of the river Indus 



(in Sanskrit, Sindhu). This name was murdered into Hindu by the ancient 
Persians, and all people living on the other side of the river Sindhu were called 
by them Hindus. Thus this word has come down to us; and during the 
Mohammedan rule we took up the word ourselves. There may not be any harm 
in using the word of course; but, as I have said, it has lost its significance, for 
you may mark that all the people who live on this side of the Indus in modern 
times do not follow the same religion as they did in ancient times. The word, 
therefore, covers not only Hindus proper, but Mohammedans, Christians, Jains, 
and other people who live in India. I therefore, would not use the word Hindu. 
What word should we use then? The other words which alone we can use are 
either the Vaidikas, followers of the Vedas, or better still, the Vedantists, 
followers of the Vedanta. Most of the great religions of the world owe 
allegiance to certain books which they believe are the words of God or some 
other supernatural beings, and which are the basis of their religion. Now of all 
these books, according to the modern savants of the West, the oldest are the 
Vedas of the Hindus. A little understanding, therefore, is necessary about the 
Vedas. 

This mass of writing called the Vedas is not the utterance of persons. Its date 
has never been fixed, can never be fixed, and, according to us, the Vedas are 
eternal. There is one salient point which I want you to remember, that all the 
other religions of the world claim their authority as being delivered by a 
Personal God or a number of personal beings, angels, or special messengers of 
God, unto certain persons; while the claim of the Hindus is that the Vedas do 
not owe their authority to anybody, they are themselves the authority, being 
eternal — the knowledge of God. They were never written, never created, they 
have existed throughout time; just as creation is infinite and eternal, without 
beginning and without end, so is the knowledge of God without beginning and 
without end. And this knowledge is what is meant by the Vedas ( Vid to know). 
The mass of knowledge called the Vedanta was discovered by personages 
called Rishis, and the Rishi is defined as a Mantra-drashta, a seer of thought; 
not that the thought was his own. Whenever you hear that a certain passage of 
the Vedas came from a certain Rishi never think that he wrote it or created it 
out of his mind; he was the seer of the thought which already existed; it existed 
in the universe eternally. This sage was the discoverer; the Rishis were spiritual 
discoverers. 



This mass of writing, the Vedas, is divided principally into two parts, the 
Karma Kanda and the Jnana Kanda — the work portion and the knowledge 
portion, the ceremonial and the spiritual. The work portion consists of various 
sacrifices; most of them of late have been given up as not practicable under 
present circumstances, but others remain to the present day in some shape or 
other. The main ideas of the Karma Kanda, which consists of the duties of man, 
the duties of the student, of the householder, of the recluse, and the various 
duties of the different stations of life, are followed more or less down to the 
present day. But the spiritual portion of our religion is in the second part, the 
Jnana Kanda, the Vedanta, the end of the Vedas, the gist, the goal of the Vedas. 
The essence of the knowledge of the Vedas was called by the name of Vedanta, 
which comprises the Upanishads; and all the sects of India — Dualists, 
Qualified-Monists, Monists, or the Shaivites, Vaishnavites, Shaktas, Sauras, 
Ganapatyas, each one that dares to come within the fold of Hinduism — must 
acknowledge the Upanishads of the Vedas. They can have their own 
interpretations and can interpret them in their own way, but they must obey the 
authority. That is why we want to use the word Vedantist instead of Hindu. All 
the philosophers of India who are orthodox have to acknowledge the authority 
of the Vedanta; and all our present-day religions, however crude some of them 
may appear to be, however inexplicable some of their purposes may seem, one 
who understands them and studies them can trace them back to the ideas of the 
Upanishads. So deeply have these Upanishads sunk into our race that those of 
you who study the symbology of the crudest religion of the Hindus will be 
astonished to find sometimes figurative expressions of the Upanishads — the 
Upanishads become symbolised after a time into figures and so forth. Great 
spiritual and philosophical ideas in the Upanishads are today with us, converted 
into household worship in the form of symbols. Thus the various symbols now 
used by us, all come from the Vedanta, because in the Vedanta they are used as 
figures, and these ideas spread among the nation and permeated it throughout 
until they became part of their everyday life as symbols. 

Next to the Vedanta come the Smritis. These also are books written by sages, 
but the authority of the Smritis is subordinate to that of the Vedanta, because 
they stand in the same relation with us as the scriptures of the other religions 
stand with regard to them. We admit that the Smritis have been written by 



particular sages; in that sense they are the same as the scriptures of other 
religions, but these Smritis are not final authority. If there is any thing in a 
Smriti which contradicts the Vedanta, the Smriti is to be rejected — its 
authority is gone. These Smritis, we see again, have varied from time to time. 
We read that such and such Smriti should have authority in the Satya Yuga, 
such and such in the Treta Yuga, some in the Dwapara Yuga, and some in the 
Kali Yuga, and so on. As essential conditions changed, as various 
circumstances came to have their influence on the race, manners and customs 
had to be changed, and these Smritis, as mainly regulating the manners and 
customs of the nation, had also to be changed from time to time. This is a point 
I specially ask you to remember. The principles of religion that are in the 
Vedanta are unchangeable. Why? Because they are all built upon the eternal 
principles that are in man and nature; they can never change. Ideas about the 
soul, going to heaven, and so on can never change; they were the same 
thousands of years ago, they are the same today, they will be the same millions 
of years hence. But those religious practices which are based entirely upon our 
social position and correlation must change with the changes in society. Such 
an order, therefore, would be good and true at a certain period and not at 
another. We find accordingly that a certain food is allowed at one time and not 
another, because the food was suitable for that time; but climate and other 
things changed various other circumstances required to be met, so the Smriti 
changed the food and other things. Thus it naturally follows that if in modern 
times our society requires changes to be made, they must be met, and sages will 
come and show us the way how to meet them; but not one jot of the principles 
of our religion will be changed; they will remain intact. 

Then there are the Puranas. yffl — which means, the Puranas are of 

five characteristics — that which treats of history, of cosmology, with various 
symbological illustration of philosophical principles, and so forth. These were 
written to popularise the religion of the Vedas. The language in which the 
Vedas are written is very ancient, and even among scholars very few can trace 
the date of these books. The Puranas were written in the language of the people 
of that time, what we call modern Sanskrit. They were then meant not for 
scholars, but for the ordinary people; and ordinary people cannot understand 
philosophy. Such things were given unto them in concrete form, by means of 
the lives of saints and kinds and great men and historical events that happened 



to the race etc. The sages made use of these things to illustrate the eternal 
principles of religion. 

There are still other books, the Tantras. These are very much like Puranas in 
some respects, and in some of them there is an attempt to revive the old 
sacrificial ideas of the Karma Kanda. 

All these books constitute the scriptures of the Hindus. When there is such a 
mass of sacred books in a nation and a race which has devoted the greatest part 
of its energies to the thought of philosophy and spirituality (nobody knows for 
how many thousands of years), it is quite natural that there should be so many 
sects; indeed it is a wonder that there are not thousands more. These sects differ 
very much from each other in certain points. We shall not have time to 
understand the differences between these sects and all the spiritual details about 
them; therefore I shall take up the common grounds, the essential principles of 
all these sects which every Hindu must believe. 

The first is the question of creation, that this nature, Prakriti, Maya is infinite, 
without beginning. It is not that this world was created the other day, not that a 
God came and created the world and since that time has been sleeping; for that 
cannot be. The creative energy is still going on. God is eternally creating — is 
never at rest. Remember the passage in the Gita where Krishna says, "If I 
remain at rest for one moment, this universe will be destroyed." If that creative 
energy which is working all around us, day and night, stops for a second, the 
whole thing falls to the ground. There never was a time when that energy did 
not work throughout the universe, but there is the law of cycles, Pralaya. Our 
Sanskrit word for creation, properly translated, should be projection and not 
creation. For the word creation in the English language has unhappily got that 
fearful, that most crude idea of something coming out of nothing, creation out 
of nonentity, non-existence becoming existence, which, of course, I would not 
insult you by asking you to believe. Our word, therefore, is projection. The 
whole of this nature exists, it becomes finer, subsides; and then after a period of 
rest, as it were, the whole thing is again projected forward, and the same 
combination, the same evolution, the same manifestations appear and remain 
playing, as it were, for a certain time, only again to break into pieces, to 
become finer and finer, until the whole thing subsides, and again comes out. 



Thus it goes on backwards and forwards with a wave-like motion throughout 
eternity. Time, space, and causation are all within this nature. To say, therefore, 
that it had a beginning is utter nonsense. No question can occur as to its 
beginning or its end. Therefore wherever in our scriptures the words beginning 
and end are used, you must remember that it means the beginning and the end 
of one particular cycle; no more than that. 

What makes this creation? God. What do I mean by the use of the English word 
God? Certainly not the word as ordinarily used in English — a good deal of 
difference. There is no other suitable word in English. I would rather confine 
myself to the Sanskrit word Brahman. He is the general cause of all these 
manifestations. What is this Brahman? He is eternal, eternally pure, eternally 
awake, the almighty, the all-knowing, the all-merciful, the omnipresent, the 
formless, the partless. He creates this universe. If he is always creating and 
holding up this universe, two difficulties arise. We see that there is partiality in 
the universe. One person is born happy, and another unhappy; one is rich, and 
another poor; this shows partiality. Then there is cruelty also, for here the very 
condition of life is death. One animal tears another to pieces, and every man 
tries to get the better of his own brother. This competition, cruelty, horror, and 
sighs rending hearts day and night is the state of things in this world of ours. If 
this be the creation of a God, that God is worse than cruel, worse than any devil 
that man ever imagined. Ay! says the Vedanta, it is not the fault of God that 
this partiality exists, that this competition exists. Who makes it? We ourselves. 
There is a cloud shedding its rain on all fields alike. But it is only the field that 
is well cultivated, which gets the advantage of the shower; another field, which 
has not been tilled or taken care of cannot get that advantage. It is not the fault 
of the cloud. The mercy of God is eternal and unchangeable; it is we that make 
the differentiation. But how can this difference of some being born happy and 
some unhappy be explained? They do nothing to make out that differences! Not 
in this life, but they did in their last birth and the difference is explained by this 
action in the previous life. 

We now come to the second principle on which we all agree, not only all 
Hindus, but all Buddhists and all Jains. We all agree that life is eternal. It is not 
that it has sprung out of nothing, for that cannot be. Such a life would not be 
worth having. Everything that has a beginning in time must end in time. Of life 



began but yesterday, it must end tomorrow, and annihilation is the result. Life 
must have been existing. It does not now require much acumen to see that, for 
all the sciences of modern times have been coming round to our help, 
illustrating from the material world the principles embodied in our scriptures. 
You know it already that each one of us is the effect of the infinite past; the 
child is ushered into the world not as something flashing from the hands of 
nature, as poets delight so much to depict, but he has the burden of an infinite 
past; for good or evil he comes to work out his own past deeds. That makes the 
differentiation. This is the law of Karma. Each one of us is the maker of his 
own fate. This law knocks on the head at once all doctrines of predestination 
and fate and gives us the only means of reconciliation between God and man. 
We, we, and none else, are responsible for what we suffer. We are the effects, 
and we are the causes. We are free therefore. If I am unhappy, it has been of 
my own making, and that very thing shows that I can be happy if I will. If I am 
impure, that is also of my own making, and that very thing shows that I can be 
pure if I will. The human will stands beyond all circumstance. Before it — the 
strong, gigantic, infinite will and freedom in man — all the powers, even of 
nature, must bow down, succumb, and become its servants. This is the result of 
the law of Karma. 

The next question, of course, naturally would be: What is the soul? We cannot 
understand God in our scriptures without knowing the soul. There have been 
attempts in India, and outside of India too, to catch a glimpse of the beyond by 
studying external nature, and we all know what an awful failure has been the 
result. Instead of giving us a glimpse of the beyond, the more we study the 
material world, the more we tend to become materialised. The more we handle 
the material world, even the little spirituality which we possessed before 
vanishes. Therefore that is not the way to spirituality, to knowledge of the 
Highest; but it must come through the heart, the human soul. The external 
workings do not teach us anything about the beyond, about the Infinite, it is 
only the internal that can do so. Through soul, therefore, the analysis of the 
human soul alone, can we understand God. There are differences of opinion as 
to the nature of the human soul among the various sects in India, but there are 
certain points of agreement. We all agree that souls are without beginning and 
without end, and immortal by their very nature; also that all powers, blessing, 
purity, omnipresence, omniscience are buried in each soul. That is a grand idea 



we ought to remember. In every man and in every animal, however weak or 
wicked, great or small, resides the same omnipresent, omniscient soul. The 
difference is not in the soul, but in the manifestation. Between me and the 
smallest animal, the difference is only in manifestation, but as a principle he is 
the same as I am, he is my brother, he has the same soul as I have. This is the 
greatest principle that India has preached. The talk of the brotherhood of man 
becomes in India the brotherhood of universal life, of animals, and of all life 
down to the little ants — all these are our bodies. Even as our scripture says, 
"Thus the sage, knowing that the same Lord inhabits all bodies, will worship 
every body as such." That is why in India there have been such merciful ideas 
about the poor, about animals, about everybody, and everything else. This is 
one of the common grounds about our ideas of the soul. 

Naturally, we come to the idea of God. One thing more about the soul. Those 
who study the English language are often deluded by the words, soul and mind. 
Our Atman and soul are entirely different things. What we call Manas, the 
mind, the Western people call soul. The West never had the idea of soul until 
they got it through Sanskrit philosophy, some twenty years ago. The body is 
here, beyond that is the mind, yet the mind is not the Atman; it is the fine body, 
the Sukshma Sharira, made of fine particles, which goes from birth to death, 
and so on; but behind the mind is the Atman, the soul, the Self of man. It 
cannot be translated by the word soul or mind, so we have to use the word 
Atman, or, as Western philosophers have designated it, by the word Self. 
Whatever word you use, you must keep it clear in your mind that the Atman is 
separate from the mind, as well as from the body, and that this Atman goes 
through birth and death, accompanied by the mind, the Sukshma Sharira. And 
when the time comes that it has attained to all knowledge and manifested itself 
to perfection, then this going from birth to death ceases for it. Then it is at 
liberty either to keep that mind, the Sukshma Sharira, or to let it go for ever, 
and remain independent and free throughout all eternity. The goal of the soul is 
freedom. That is one peculiarity of our religion. We also have heavens and 
hells too; but these are not infinite, for in the very nature of things they cannot 
be. If there were any heavens, they would be only repetitions of this world of 
ours on a bigger scale, with a little more happiness and a little more enjoyment, 
but that is all the worse for the soul. There are many of these heavens. Persons 
who do good works here with the thought of reward, when they die, are born 



again as gods in one of these heavens, as Indra and others. These gods are the 
names of certain states. They also had been men, and by good work they have 
become gods; and those different names that you read of, such as Indra and so 
on, are not the names of the same person. There will be thousands of Indras. 
Nahusha was a great king, and when he died, he became Indra. It is a position; 
one soul becomes high and takes the Indra position and remains in it only a 
certain time; he then dies and is born again as man. But the human body is the 
highest of all. Some of the gods may try to go higher and give up all ideas of 
enjoyment in heavens; but, as in this world, wealth and position and enjoyment 
delude the vast majority, so do most of the gods become deluded also, and after 
working out their good Karma, they fall down and become human beings 
again. This earth, therefore, is the Karma Bhumi; it is this earth from which we 
attain to liberation. So even these heavens are not worth attaining to. 

What is then worth having? Mukti, freedom. Even in the highest of heavens, 
says our scripture, you are a slave; what matters it if you are a king for twenty 
thousand years? So long as you have a body, so long as you are a slave to 
happiness, so long as time works on you, space works on you, you are a slave. 
The idea, therefore, is to be free of external and internal nature. Nature must 
fall at your feet, and you must trample on it and be free and glorious by going 
beyond. No more is there life; therefore more is there death. No more 
enjoyment; therefore no more misery. It is bliss unspeakable, in destructible, 
beyond everything. What we call happiness and good here are but particles of 
that eternal Bliss. And this eternal Bliss is our goal. 

The soul is also sexless; we cannot say of the Atman that it is a man or a 
woman. Sex belongs to the body alone. All such ideas, therefore, as man or 
woman, are a delusion when spoken with regard to the Self, and are only 
proper when spoken of the body. So are the ideas of age. It never ages; the 
ancient One is always the same. How did It come down to earth? There is but 
one answer to that in our scriptures. Ignorance is the cause of all this bondage. 
It is through ignorance that we have become bound; knowledge will cure it by 
taking us to the other side. How will that knowledge come? Through love, 
Bhakti; by the worship of God, by loving all beings as the temples of God. He 
resides within them. Thus, with that intense love will come knowledge, and 
ignorance will disappear, the bonds will break, and the soul will be free. 



There are two ideas of God in our scriptures — the one, the personal; and the 
other, the impersonal. The idea of the Personal God is that He is the 
omnipresent creator, preserver, and destroyer of everything, the eternal Father 
and Mother of the universe, but One who is eternally separate from us and from 
all souls; and liberation consists in coming near to Him and living in Him. 

Then there is the other idea of the Impersonal, where all those adjectives are 
taken away as superfluous, as illogical and there remains an impersonal, 
omnipresent Being who cannot be called a knowing being, because knowledge 
only belongs to the human mind. He cannot be called a thinking being, because 
that is a process of the weak only. He cannot be called a reasoning being, 
because reasoning is a sign of weakness. He cannot be called a creating being, 
because none creates except in bondage. What bondage has He? None works 
except for the fulfilment of desires; what desires has He? None works except it 
be to supply some wants; what wants has He? In the Vedas it is not the word 
"He" that is used, but "It", for "He" would make an invidious distinction, as if 
God were a man. "It", the impersonal, is used, and this impersonal "It" is 
preached. This system is called the Advaita. 

And what are our relations with this Impersonal Being? — that we are He. We 
and He are one. Every one is but a manifestation of that Impersonal, the basis 
of all being, and misery consists in thinking of ourselves as different from this 
Infinite, Impersonal Being; and liberation consists in knowing our unity with 
this wonderful Impersonality. These, in short, are the two ideas of God that we 
find in our scriptures. 

Some remarks ought to be made here. It is only through the idea of the 
Impersonal God that you can have any system of ethics. In every nation the 
truth has been preached from the most ancient times — love your fellow-beings 
as yourselves — I mean, love human beings as yourselves. In India it has been 
preached, "love all beings as yourselves"; we make no distinction between men 
and animals. But no reason was forthcoming, no one knew why it would be 
good to love other beings as ourselves. And the reason, why, is there in the idea 
of the Impersonal God; you understand it when you learn that the whole world 
is one — the oneness of the universe — the solidarity of all life — that in 
hurting any one I am hurting myself, in loving any one I am loving myself 



Hence we understand why it is that we ought not to hurt others. The reason for 
ethics, therefore, can only be had from this ideal of the Impersonal God. Then 
there is the question of the position of the Personal God in it. I understand the 
wonderful flow of love that comes from the idea of a Personal God, I 
thoroughly appreciate the power and potency of Bhakti on men to suit the 
needs of different times. What we now want in our country, however, is not so 
much of weeping, but a little strength. What a mine of strength is in this 
Impersonal God, when all superstitions have been thrown overboard, and man 
stands on his feet with the knowledge — I am the Impersonal Being of the 
world! What can make me afraid? I care not even for nature's laws. Death is a 
joke to me. Man stands on the glory of his own soul, the infinite, the eternal, 
the deathless — that soul which no instruments can pierce, which no air can 
dry, nor fire burn, no water melt, the infinite, the birthless, the deathless, 
without beginning and without end, before whose magnitude the suns and 
moons and all their systems appear like drops in the ocean, before whose glory 
space melts away into nothingness and time vanishes into non-existence. This 
glorious soul we must believe in. Out of that will come power. Whatever you 
think, that you will be. If you think yourselves weak, weak you will be; if you 
think yourselves strong, strong you will be; if you think yourselves impure, 
impure you will be; if you think yourselves pure, pure you will be. This teaches 
us not to think ourselves as weak, but as strong, omnipotent, omniscient. No 
matter that I have not expressed it yet, it is in me. All knowledge is in me, all 
power, all purity, and all freedom. Why cannot I express this knowledge? 
Because I do not believe in it. Let me believe in it, and it must and will come 
out. This is what the idea of the Impersonal teaches. Make your children strong 
from their very childhood; teach them not weakness, nor forms, but make them 
strong; let them stand on their feet — bold, all-conquering, all- suffering; and 
first of all, let them learn of the glory of the soul. That you get alone in the 
Vedanta — and there alone. It has ideas of love and worship and other things 
which we have in other religions, and more besides; but this idea of the soul is 
the life-giving thought, the most wonderful. There and there alone is the great 
thought that is going to revolutionist the world and reconcile the knowledge of 
the material world with religion. 



Thus I have tried to bring before you the salient points of our religion — the 
principles. I have only to say a few words about the practice and the application 



As we have seen, under the circumstances existing in India, naturally many 
sects must appear. As a fact, we find that there are so many sects in India, and 
at the same time we know this mysterious fact that these sects do not quarrel 
with each other. The Shaivite does not say that every Vaishnavite is going to be 
damned, nor the Vaishnavite that every Shaivite will be damned. The Shaivite 
says, this is my path, and you have yours; at the end we must come together. 
They all know that in India. This is the theory of Ishta. It has been recognised 
in the most ancient times that there are various forms of worshipping God. It is 
also recognised that different natures require different methods. Your method 
of coming to God may not be my method, possibly it might hurt me. Such an 
idea as that there is but one way for everybody is injurious, meaningless, and 
entirely to be avoided. Woe unto the world when everyone is of the same 
religious opinion and takes to the same path. Then all religions and all thought 
will be destroyed. Variety is the very soul of life. When it dies out entirely, 
creation will die. When this variation in thought is kept up, we must exist; and 
we need not quarrel because of that variety. Your way is very good for you, but 
not for me. My way is good for me, but not for you My way is called in 
Sanskrit, my "Ishta". Mind you. we have no quarrel with any religion in the 
world. We have each our Ishta. But when we see men coming and saying, 

"This is the only way", and trying to force it on us in India, we have a word to 
say; we laugh at them. For such people who want to destroy their brothers 
because they seem to follow a different path towards God — for them to talk of 
love is absurd. Their love does not count for much. How can they preach of 
love who cannot bean another man to follow a different path from their own? If 
that is love, what is hatred? We have no quarrel with any religion in the world, 
whether it teaches men to worship Christ, Buddha, or Mohammed, or any other 
prophet. "Welcome, my brother," the Hindu says, "I am going to help you; but 
you must allow me to follow my way too. That is my Ishta. Your way is very 
good, no doubt; but it may be dangerous for me. My own experience tells me 
what food is good for me, and no army of doctors can tell me that. So I know 
from my own experience what path is the best for me." That is the goal, the 
Ishta, and, therefore, we say that if a temple, or a symbol, or an image helps 
you to realise the Divinity within, you are welcome to it. Have two hundred 
images if you like. If certain forms and formularies help you to realise the 
Divine, God speed you; have, by all means, whatever forms, and whatever 
temples, and whatever ceremonies you want to bring you nearer to God. But do 



not quarrel about them; the moment you quarrel, you are not going Godward, 
you are going backward, towards the brutes. 

These are a few ideas in our religion. It is one of inclusion of every one, 
exclusion of none. Though our castes and our institutions are apparently linked 
with our religion, they are not so. These institutions have been necessary to 
protect us as a nation, and when this necessity for self-preservation will no 
more exist, they will die a natural death. But the older I grow, the better I seem 
to think of these time-honoured institutions of India. There was a time when I 
used to think that many of them were useless and worthless; but the older I 
grew, the more I seem to feel a diffidence in cursing any one of them, for each 
one of them is the embodiment of the experience of centuries. A child of but 
yesterday, destined to die the day after tomorrow, comes to me and asks me to 
change all my plans; and if I hear the advice of that baby and change all my 
surroundings according to his ideas, I myself should be a fool, and no one else. 
Much of the advice that is coming to us from different countries is similar to 
this. Tell these wiseacres: "I will hear you when you have made a stable society 
yourselves. You cannot hold on to one idea for two days, you quarrel and fail; 
you are born like moths in the spring and die like them in five minutes. You 
come up like bubbles and burst like bubbles too. First form a stable society like 
ours. First make laws and institutions that remain undiminished in their power 
through scores of centuries. Then will be the time to talk on the subject with 
you, but till then, my friend, you are only a giddy child." 

I have finished what I had to say about our religion. I will end by reminding 
you of the one pressing necessity of the day. Praise be to Vyasa, the great 
author of the Mahabharata, that in this Kali Yuga there is one great work. The 
Tapas and the other hard Yogas that were practiced in other Yugas do not work 
now. What is needed in this Yuga is giving, helping others. What is meant by 
Dana? The highest of gifts is the giving of spiritual knowledge, the next is the 
giving of secular knowledge, and the next is the saving of life, the last is giving 
food and drink. He who gives spiritual knowledge, saves the soul from many 
end many a birth. He who gives secular knowledge opens the eyes of human 
beings to wards spiritual knowledge, and far below these rank all other gifts, 
even the saving of life. Therefore it is necessary that you learn this and note 
that all other kinds of work are of much less value than that of imparting 



spiritual knowledge. The highest and greatest help is that given in the 
dissemination of spiritual knowledge. There is an eternal fountain of 
spirituality in our scriptures, and nowhere on earth, except in this land of 
renunciation, do we find such noble examples of practical spirituality. I have 
had a little experience of the world. Believe me, there is much talking in other 
lands; but the practical man of religion, who has carried it into his life, is here 
and here alone. Talking is not religion; parrots may talk, machines may talk 
nowadays. But show me the life of renunciation, of spirituality, of all- suffering, 
of love infinite. This kind of life indicates a spiritual man. With such ideas and 
such noble practical examples in our country, it would be a great pity if the 
treasures in the brains and hearts of all these great Yogis were not brought out 
to become the common property of every one, rich and poor, high and low; not 
only in India, but they must be thrown broadcast all over the world. This is one 
of our greatest duties, and you will find that the more you work to help others, 
the more you help yourselves. The one vital duty incumbent on you, if you 
really love your religion, if you really love your country, is that you must 
struggle hard to be up and doing, with this one great idea of bringing out the 
treasures from your closed books and delivering them over to their rightful 
heirs. 

And above all, one thing is necessary. Ay, for ages we have been saturated with 
awful jealousy; we are always getting jealous of each other. Why has this man 
a little precedence, and not I? Even in the worship of God we want precedence, 
to such a state of slavery have we come. This is to be avoided. If there is any 
crying sin in India at this time it is this slavery. Every one wants to command, 
and no one wants to obey; and this is owing to the absence of that wonderful 
Brahmacharya system of yore. First, learn to obey. The command will come by 
itself. Always first learn to be a servant, and then you will be fit to be a master. 
Avoid this jealousy and you will do great works that have yet to be done. Our 
ancestors did most wonderful works, and we look back upon their work with 
veneration and pride. But we also are going to do great deeds, and let others 
look back with blessings and pride upon us as their ancestors. With the blessing 
of the Lord every one here will yet do such deeds that will eclipse those of our 
ancestors, great and glorious as they may have been. 



» 



Home / Complete- Works / Volume 3 / Lectures from Colombo to Almora / 

« 

REPLY TO THE ADDRESS OF WELCOME AT PAMBAN 

On the arrival of Swami Vivekananda at Pamban, he was met by His Highness 
the Raja of Ramnad, who accorded him a hearty welcome. Preparations had 
been made at the landing wharf for a formal reception; and here, under a pandal 
which had been decorated with great taste, the following address on behalf of 
the Pamban people was read: 

May it please Your Holiness, 

We greatly rejoice to welcome Your Holiness with hearts full of deepest 
gratitude and highest veneration — gratitude for having so readily and 
graciously consented to pay us a flying visit in spite of the numerous calls on 
you, and veneration for the many noble and excellent qualities that you possess 
and for the great work you have so nobly undertaken to do, and which you have 
been discharging with conspicuous ability, utmost zeal, and earnestness. 

We truly rejoice to see that the efforts of Your Holiness in sowing the seeds of 
Hindu philosophy in the cultured minds of the great Western nations are being 
crowned with so much success that we already see all around the bright and 
cheerful aspect of the bearing of excellent fruits in great abundance, and most 

/V 

humbly pray that Your Holiness will, during your sojourn in Aryavarta, be 
graciously pleased to exert yourself even a little more than you did in the West 
to awaken the minds of your brethren in this our motherland from their dreary 
lifelong slumber and make them recall to their minds the long-forgotten gospel 
of truth. 

Our hearts are so full of the sincerest affection, greatest reverence, and highest 
admiration for Your Holiness — our great spiritual leader, that we verily find it 
impossible to adequately express our feelings, and, therefore, beg to conclude 
with an earnest and united prayer to the merciful Providence to bless Your 
Holiness with a long life of usefulness and to grant you everything that may 
tend to bring about the long-lost feelings of universal brotherhood. 



The Raja added to this a brief personal welcome, which was remarkable for its 
depth of feeling, and then the Swami replied to the following effect: 



Our sacred motherland is a land of religion and philosophy — the birthplace of 
spiritual giants — the land of renunciation, where and where alone, from the 
most ancient to the most modern times, there has been the highest ideal of life 
open to man. 

I have been in the countries of the West — have travelled through many lands 
of many races; and each race and each nation appears to me to have a particular 
ideal — a prominent ideal running through its whole life; and this ideal is the 
backbone of the national life. Not politics nor military power, not commercial 
supremacy nor mechanical genius furnishes India with that backbone, but 
religion; and religion alone is all that we have and mean to have. Spirituality 
has been always in India. 

Great indeed are the manifestations of muscular power, and marvellous the 
manifestations of intellect expressing themselves through machines by the 
appliances of science; yet none of these is more potent than the influence which 
spirit exerts upon the world. 

The history of our race shows that India has always been most active. Today 
we are taught by men who ought to know better that the Hindu is mild and 
passive; and this has become a sort of proverb with the people of other lands. I 
discard the idea that India was ever passive. Nowhere has activity been more 
pronounced than in this blessed land of ours, and the great proof of this activity 
is that our most ancient and magnanimous race still lives, and at every decade 
in its glorious career seems to take on fresh youth — undying and 
imperishable. This activity manifests here in religion. But it is a peculiar fact in 
human nature that it judges others according to its own standard of activity. 
Take, for instance, a shoemaker. He understands only shoemaking and thinks 
there is nothing in this life except the manufacturing of shoes. A bricklayer 
understands nothing but bricklaying and proves this alone in his life from day 
to day. And there is another reason which explains this. When the vibrations of 
light are very intense, we do not see them, because we are so constituted that 



we cannot go beyond our own plane of vision. But the Yogi with his spiritual 
introspection is able to see through the materialistic veil of the vulgar crowds. 

The eyes of the whole world are now turned towards this land of India for 
spiritual food; and India has to provide it for all the races. Here alone is the best 
ideal for mankind; and Western scholars are now striving to understand this 
ideal which is enshrined in our Sanskrit literature and philosophy, and which 
has been the characteristic of India all through the ages. 

Since the dawn of history, no missionary went out of India to propagate the 
Hindu doctrines and dogmas; but now a wonderful change is coming over us. 
Shri Bhagavan Krishna says, "Whenever virtue subsides and immorality 
prevails, then I come again and again to help the world." Religious researches 
disclose to us the fact that there is not a country possessing a good ethical code 
but has borrowed something of it from us, and there is not one religion 
possessing good ideas of the immortality of the soul but has derived it directly 
or indirectly from us. 

There never was a time in the world's history when there was so much robbery, 
and high-handedness, and tyranny of the strong over the weak, as at this latter 
end of the nineteenth century. Everybody should know that there is no 
salvation except through the conquering of desires, and that no man is free who 
is subject to the bondage of matter. This great truth all nations are slowly 
coming to understand and appreciate. As soon as the disciple is in a position to 
grasp this truth, the words of the Guru come to his help. The Lord sends help to 
His own children in His infinite mercy which never ceaseth and is ever flowing 
in all creeds. Our Lord is the Lord of all religions. This idea belongs to India 
alone; and I challenge any one of you to find it in any other scripture of the 
world. 

We Hindus have now been placed, under God's providence, in a very critical 
and responsible position. The nations of the West are coming to us for spiritual 
help. A great moral obligation rests on the sons of India to fully equip 
themselves for the work of enlightening the world on the problems of human 
existence. One thing we may note, that whereas you will find that good and 
great men of other countries take pride in tracing back their descent to some 



robber-baron who lived in a mountain fortress and emerged from time to time 
to plunder passing wayfarers, we Hindus, on the other hand, take pride in being 
the descendants of Rishis and sages who lived on roots and fruits in mountains 
and caves, meditating on the Supreme. We may be degraded and degenerated 
now; but however degraded and degenerated we may be, we can become great 
if only we begin to work in right earnest on behalf of our religion. 

Accept my hearty thanks for the kind and cordial reception you have given me. 
It is impossible for me to express my gratitude to H. H. the Raja of Ramnad for 
his love towards me. If any good work has been done by me and through me, 
India owes much to this good man, for it was he who conceived the idea of my 
going to Chicago, and it was he who put that idea into my head and persistently 
urged me on to accomplish it. Standing beside me, he with all his old 
enthusiasm is still expecting me to do more and more work. I wish there were 
half a dozen more such Rajas to take interest in our dear motherland and work 
for her amelioration in the spiritual line. 



» 



« 



Home / Complete- Works / Volume 3 / Lectures from Colombo to Almora / 



ADDRESS AT THE RAMESWARAM TEMPLE ON REAL WORSHIP 

A visit was subsequently paid to the Rameswaram Temple, where the Swami 
was asked to address a few words to the people who had assembled there. This 
he did in the following terms: 



It is in love that religion exists and not in ceremony, in the pure and sincere 
love in the heart. Unless a man is pure in body and mind, his coming into a 
temple and worshipping Shiva is useless. The prayers of those that are pure in 
mind and body will be answered by Shiva, and those that are impure and yet try 
to teach religion to others will fail in the end. External worship is only a 
symbol of internal worship; but internal worship and purity are the real things. 
Without them, external worship would be of no avail. Therefore you must all 
try to remember this. 

People have become so degraded in this Kali Yuga that they think they can do 
anything, and then they can go to a holy place, and their sins will be forgiven. 

If a man goes with an impure mind into a temple, he adds to the sins that he 
had already, and goes home a worse man than when he left it. Tirtha (place of 
pilgrimage) is a place which is full of holy things and holy men. But if holy 
people live in a certain place, and if there is no temple there, even that is a 
Tirtha. If unholy people live in a place where there may be a hundred temples, 
the Tirtha has vanished from that place. And it is most difficult to live in a 
Tirtha; for if sin is committed in any ordinary place it can easily be removed, 
but sin committed in a Tirtha cannot be removed. This is the gist of all worship 
— to be pure and to do good to others. He who sees Shiva in the poor, in the 
weak, and in the diseased, really worships Shiva; and if he sees Shiva only in 
the image, his worship is but preliminary. He who has served and helped one 
poor man seeing Shiva in him, without thinking of his caste, or creed, or race, 
or anything, with him Shiva is more pleased than with the man who sees Him 
only in temples. 

A rich man had a garden and two gardeners. One of these gardeners was very 
lazy and did not work; but when the owner came to the garden, the lazy man 



would get up and fold his arms and say, "How beautiful is the face of my 
master", and dance before him. The other gardener would not talk much, but 
would work hard, and produce all sorts of fruits and vegetables which he would 
carry on his head to his master who lived a long way off. Of these two 
gardeners, which would be the more beloved of his master? Shiva is that 
master, and this world is His garden, and there are two sorts of gardeners here; 
the one who is lazy, hypocritical, and does nothing, only talking about Shiva's 
beautiful eyes and nose and other features; and the other, who is taking care of 
Shiva's children, all those that are poor and weak, all animals, and all His 
creation. Which of these would be the more beloved of Shiva? Certainly he that 
serves His children. He who wants to serve the father must serve the children 
first. He who wants to serve Shiva must serve His children — must serve all 
creatures in this world first. It is said in the Shastra that those who serve the 
servants of God are His greatest servants. So you will bear this in mind. 

Let me tell you again that you must be pure and help any one who comes to 
you, as much as lies in your power. And this is good Karma. By the power of 
this, the heart becomes pure (Chitta-shuddhi), and then Shiva who is residing in 
every one will become manifest. He is always in the heart of every one. If there 
is dirt and dust on a mirror, we cannot see our image. So ignorance and 
wickedness are the dirt and dust that are on the mirror of our hearts. Selfishness 
is the chief sin, thinking of ourselves first. He who thinks, "I will eat first, I will 
have more money than others, and I will possess everything", he who thinks, "I 
will get to heaven before others I will get Mukti before others" is the selfish 
man. The unselfish man says, "I will be last, I do not care to go to heaven, I 
will even go to hell if by doing so I can help my brothers." This unselfishness is 
the test of religion. He who has more of this unselfishness is more spiritual and 
nearer to Shiva. Whether he is learned or ignorant, he is nearer to Shiva than 
anybody else, whether he knows it or not. And if a man is selfish, even though 
he has visited all the temples, seen all the places of pilgrimage, and painted 
himself like a leopard, he is still further off from Shiva. 



» 



Home / Complete- Works / Volume 3 / Lectures from Colombo to Almora / 

« 

REPLY TO THE ADDRESS OF WELCOME AT RAMNAD 

At Ramnad the following address was presented to Swami Vivekananda by the 
Raja: 

His Most Holiness, 

Sri Paramahamsa, Yati-Raja, Digvijaya-Kolahala, Sarvamata-Sampratipanna, 
Parama-Yogeeswara, Srimat Bhagavan Sree Ramakrishna Paramahamsa 
Karakamala Sanjata, Rajadhiraja-Sevita, SREE VIVEKANANDA SWAMI, MAY IT 
Please Your Holiness, 

We, the inhabitants of this ancient and historic Samsthanam of Sethu Bandha 
Rameswaram, otherwise known as Ramanathapuram or Ramnad, beg, most 
cordially, to welcome you to this, our motherland. We deem it a very rare 
privilege to be the first to pay your Holiness our heartfelt homage on your 
landing in India, and that, on the shores sanctified by the footsteps of that great 
Hero and our revered Lord — Sree Bhagavan Ramachandra. 

We have watched with feelings of genuine pride and pleasure the 
unprecedented success which has crowned your laudable efforts in bringing 
home to the master-minds of the West the intrinsic merits and excellence of our 
time-honoured and noble religion. You have with an eloquence that is 
unsurpassed and in language plain and unmistakable, proclaimed to and 
convinced the cultured audiences in Europe and America that Hinduism fulfils 
all the requirements of the ideal of a universal religion and adapts itself to the 
temperament and needs of men and women of all races and creeds. Animated 
purely by a disinterested impulse, influenced by the best of motives and at 
considerable self-sacrifice, Your Holiness has crossed boundless seas and 
oceans to convey the message of truth and peace, and to plant the flag of India's 
spiritual triumph and glory in the rich soil of Europe and America. Your 
Holiness has, both by precept and practice, shown the feasibility and 
importance of universal brotherhood. Above all, your labours in the West have 
indirectly and to a great extent tended to awaken the apathetic sons and 
daughters of India to a sense of the greatness and glory of their ancestral faith, 



and to create in them a genuine interest in the study and observance of their 
dear and priceless religion 

We feel we cannot adequately convey in words our feelings of gratitude and 
thankfulness to your Holiness for your philanthropic labours towards the 
spiritual regeneration of the East and the West. We cannot close this address 
without referring to the great kindness which your Holiness has always 
extended to our Raja, who is one of your devoted disciples, and the honour and 
pride he feels by this gracious act of your Holiness in landing first on his 
territory is indescribable. 

In conclusion, we pray to the Almighty to bless your Holiness with long life, 
and health, and strength to enable you to carry on the good work that has been 
so ably inaugurated by you. 



With respects and love, 
We beg to subscribe ourselves, 
Your Holiness' most devoted and obedient 

Disciples and Servants. 

Ramnad, 

25th January , 1897. 

The Swami's reply follows in extenso: 

The longest night seems to be passing away, the sorest trouble seems to be 
coming to an end at last, the seeming corpse appears to be awaking and a voice 
is coming to us — away back where history and even tradition fails to peep 
into the gloom of the past, coming down from there, reflected as it were from 
peak to peak of the infinite Himalaya of knowledge, and of love, and of work, 
India, this motherland of ours — a voice is coming unto us, gentle, firm, and 
yet unmistakable in its utterances, and is gaining volume as days pass by, and 
behold, the sleeper is awakening! Like a breeze from the Himalayas, it is 
bringing life into the almost dead bones and muscles, the lethargy is passing 
away, and only the blind cannot see, or the perverted will not see, that she is 



awakening, this motherland of ours, from her deep long sleep. None can desist 
her any more; never is she going to sleep any more; no outward powers can 
hold her back any more; for the infinite giant is rising to her feet. 

Your Highness and gentlemen of Ramnad, accept my heartfelt thanks for the 
cordiality and kindness with which you have received me. I feel that you are 
cordial and kind, for heart speaks unto heart better than any language of the 
mouth; spirit speaks unto spirit in silence, and yet in most unmistakable 
language, and I feel it in my heart of hearts. Your Highness of Ramnad, if there 
has been any work done by my humble self in the cause of our religion and our 
motherland in the Western countries, if any little work has been done in rousing 
the sympathies of our own people by drawing their attention to the inestimable 
jewels that, they know not, are lying deep buried about their own home — if, 
instead of dying of thirst and drinking dirty ditch water elsewhere out of the 
blindness of ignorance, they are being called to go and drink from the eternal 
fountain which is flowing perennially by their own home — if anything has 
been done to rouse our people towards action, to make them understand that in 
everything, religion and religion alone is the life of India, and when that goes 
India will die, in spite of politics, in spite of social reforms, in spite of Kubera's 
wealth poured upon the head of every one of her children — if anything has 
been done towards this end, India and every country where any work has been 
done owe much of it to you, Raja of Ramnad. For it was you who gave me the 
idea first, and it was you who persistently urged me on towards the work. You, 
as it were, intuitively understood what was going to be, and took me by the 
hand, helped me all along, and have never ceased to encourage me. Well is it, 
therefore, that you should be the first to rejoice at my success, and meet it is 
that I should first land in your territory on my return to India. 

Great works are to be done, wonderful powers have to be worked out, we have 
to teach other nations many things, as has been said already by your Highness. 
This is the motherland of philosophy, of spirituality, and of ethics, of 
sweetness, gentleness, and love. These still exist, and my experience of the 
world leads me to stand on firm ground and make the bold statement that India 
is still the first and foremost of all the nations of the world in these respects. 
Look at this little phenomenon. There have been immense political changes 
within the last four or five years. Gigantic organizations undertaking to subvert 



the whole of existing institutions in different countries and meeting with a 
certain amount of success have been working all over the Western world. Ask 
our people if they have heard anything about them. They have heard not a word 
about them. But that there was a Parliament of Religions in Chicago, and that 
there was a Sannyasin sent over from India to that Parliament, and that he was 
very well received and since that time has been working in the West, the 
poorest beggar has known. I have heard it said that our masses are dense, that 
they do not want any education, and that they do not care for any information. I 
had at one time a foolish leaning towards that opinion myself, but I find 
experience is a far more glorious teacher than any amount of speculation, or 
any amount of books written by globe-trotters and hasty observers. This 
experience teaches me that they are not dense, that they are not slow, that they 
are as eager and thirsty for information as any race under the sun; but then each 
nation has its own part to play, and naturally, each nation has its own 
peculiarity and individuality with which it is born. Each represents, as it were, 
one peculiar note in this harmony of nations, and this is its very life, its vitality. 
In it is the backbone, the foundation, and the bed-rock of the national life, and 
here in this blessed land, the foundation, the backbone, the life-centre is 
religion and religion alone. Let others talk of politics, of the glory of 
acquisition of immense wealth poured in by trade, of the power and spread of 
commercialism, of the glorious fountain of physical liberty; but these the Hindu 
mind does not understand and does not want to understand. Touch him on 
spirituality, on religion, on God, on the soul, on the Infinite, on spiritual 
freedom, and I assure you, the lowest peasant in India is better informed on 
these subjects than many a so-called philosopher in other lands. I have said, 
gentlemen, that we have yet something to teach to the world. This is the very 
reason, the raison d'etre , that this nation has lived on, in spite of hundreds of 
years of persecution, in spite of nearly a thousand year of foreign rule and 
foreign oppression. This nation still lives; the raison d'etre is it still holds to 
God, to the treasure-house of religion and spirituality. 

In this land are, still, religion and spirituality, the fountains which will have to 
overflow and flood the world to bring in new life and new vitality to the 
Western and other nations, which are now almost borne down, half-killed, and 
degraded by political ambitions and social scheming. From out of many voices, 
consonant and dissentient, from out of the medley of sounds filling the Indian 



atmosphere, rises up supreme, striking, and full, one note, and that is 
renunciation. Give up! That is the watchword of the Indian religions. This 
world is a delusion of two days. The present life is of five minutes. Beyond is 
the Infinite, beyond this world of delusion; let us seek that. This continent is 
illumined with brave and gigantic minds and intelligences which even think of 
this so called infinite universe as only a mud-puddle; beyond and still beyond 
they go. Time, even infinite time, is to them but non-existence. Beyond and 
beyond time they go. Space is nothing to them; beyond that they want to go, 
and this going beyond the phenomenal is the very soul of religion. The 
characteristic of my nation is this transcendentalism, this struggle to go beyond, 
this daring to tear the veil off the face of nature and have at any risk, at any 
price, a glimpse of the beyond. That is our ideal, but of course all the people in 
a country cannot give up entirely. Do you want to enthuse them, then here is 
the way to do so. Your talks of politics, of social regeneration, your talks of 
money-making and commercialism — all these will roll off like water from a 
duck's back. This spirituality, then, is what you have to teach the world. Have 
we to learn anything else, have we to learn anything from the world? We have, 
perhaps, to gain a little in material knowledge, in the power of organisation, in 
the ability to handle powers, organising powers, in bringing the best results out 
of the smallest of causes. This perhaps to a certain extent we may learn from 
the West. But if any one preaches in India the ideal of eating and drinking and 
making merry, if any one wants to apotheosise the material world into a God, 
that man is a liar; he has no place in this holy land, the Indian mind does not 
want to listen to him. Ay, in spite of the sparkle and glitter of Western 
civilisation, in spite of all its polish and its marvellous manifestation of power, 
standing upon this platform, I tell them to their face that it is all vain. It is 
vanity of vanities. God alone lives. The soul alone lives. Spirituality alone 
lives. Hold on to that. 

Yet, perhaps, some sort of materialism, toned down to our own requirements, 
would be a blessing to many of our brothers who are not yet ripe for the highest 
truths. This is the mistake made in every country and in every society, and it is 
a greatly regrettable thing that in India, where it was always understood, the 
same mistake of forcing the highest truths on people who are not ready for 
them has been made of late. My method need not be yours. The Sannyasin, as 
you all know, is the ideal of the Hindu's life, and every one by our Shastras is 



compelled to give up. Every Hindu who has tasted the fruits of this world must 
give up in the latter part of his life, and he who does not is not a Hindu and has 
no more right to call himself a Hindu. We know that this is the ideal — to give 
up after seeing and experiencing the vanity of things. Having found out that the 
heart of the material world is a mere hollow, containing only ashes, give it up 
and go back. The mind is circling forward, as it were, towards the senses, and 
that mind has to circle backwards; the Pravritti has to stop and the Nivritti has 
to begin. That is the ideal. But that ideal can only be realised after a certain 
amount of experience. We cannot teach the child the truth of renunciation; the 
child is a born optimist; his whole life is in his senses; his whole life is one 
mass of sense-enjoyment. So there are childlike men in every society who 
require a certain amount of experience, of enjoyment, to see through the vanity 
of it, and then renunciation will come to them. There has been ample provision 
made for them in our Books; but unfortunately, in later times, there has been a 
tendency to bind every one down by the same laws as those by which the 
Sannyasin is bound, and that is a great mistake. But for that a good deal of the 
poverty and the misery that you see in India need not have been. A poor man's 
life is hemmed in and bound down by tremendous spiritual and ethical laws for 
which he has no use. Hands off! Let the poor fellow enjoy himself a little, and 
then he will raise himself up, and renunciation will come to him of itself. 
Perhaps in this line, we can be taught something by the Western people; but we 
must be very cautious in learning these things. I am sorry to say that most of 
the examples one meets nowadays of men who have imbibed the Western ideas 
are more or less failures. 

There are two great obstacles on our path in India, the Scylla of old orthodoxy 
and the Charybdis of modern European civilisation. Of these two, I vote for the 
old orthodoxy, and not for the Europeanised system; for the old orthodox man 
may be ignorant, he may be crude, but he is a man, he has a faith, he has 
strength, he stands on his own feet; while the Europeanised man has no 
backbone, he is a mass of heterogeneous ideas picked up at random from every 
source — and these ideas are unassimilated, undigested, unharmonised. He 
does not stand on his own feet, and his head is turning round and round. Where 
is the motive power of his work? — in a few patronizing pats from the English 
people. His schemes of reforms, his vehement vituperations against the evils of 
certain social customs, have, as the mainspring, some European patronage. 



Why are some of our customs called evils? Because the Europeans say so. That 
is about the reason he gives. I would not submit to that. Stand and die in your 
own strength, if there is any sin in the world, it is weakness; avoid all 
weakness, for weakness is sin, weakness is death. These unbalanced creatures 
are not yet formed into distinct personalities; what are we to call them - men, 
women, or animals? While those old orthodox people were staunch and were 
men. There are still some excellent examples, and the one I want to present 
before you now is your Raja of Ramnad. Here you have a man than whom 
there is no more zealous a Hindu throughout the length and breadth of this 
land; here you have a prince than whom there is no prince in this land better 
informed in all affairs, both oriental and occidental, who takes from every 
nation whatever he can that is good. "Learn good knowledge with all devotion 
from the lowest caste. Learn the way to freedom, even if it comes from a 
Pariah, by serving him. If a woman is a jewel, take her in marriage even if she 
comes from a low family of the lowest caste." Such is the law laid down by our 
great and peerless legislator, the divine Manu. This is true. Stand on your own 
feet, and assimilate what you can; learn from every nation, take what is of use 
to you. But remember that as Hindus everything else must be subordinated to 
our own national ideals. Each man has a mission in life, which is the result of 
all his infinite past Karma. Each of you was born with a splendid heritage, 
which is the whole of the infinite past life of your glorious nation. Millions of 
your ancestors are watching, as it were, every action of yours, so be alert. And 
what is the mission with which every Hindu child is born? Have you not read 
the proud declaration of Manu regarding the Brahmin where he says that the 
birth of the Brahmin is "for the protection of the treasury of religion"? I should 
say that that is the mission not only of the Brahmin, but of every child, whether 
boy or girl, who is born in this blessed land "for the protection of the treasury 
of religion". And every other problem in life must be subordinated to that one 
principal theme. That is also the law of harmony in music. There may be a 
nation whose theme of life is political supremacy; religion and everything else 
must become subordinate to that one great theme of its life. But here is another 
nation whose great theme of life is spirituality and renunciation, whose one 
watchword is that this world is all vanity and a delusion of three days, and 
everything else, whether science or knowledge, enjoyment or powers, wealth, 
name, or fame, must be subordinated to that one theme. The secret of a true 
Hindu's character lies in the subordination of his knowledge of European 



sciences and learning, of his wealth, position, and name, to that one principal 
theme which is inborn in every Hindu child — the spirituality and purity of the 
race. Therefore between these two, the case of the orthodox man who has the 
whole of that life-spring of the race, spirituality, and the other man whose 
hands are full of Western imitation jewels but has no hold on the life-giving 
principle, spirituality — of these, I do not doubt that every one here will agree 
that we should choose the first, the orthodox, because there is some hope in 
him — he has the national theme, something to hold to; so he will live, but the 
other will die. Just as in the case of individuals, if the principle of life is 
undisturbed, if the principal function of that individual life is present, any 
injuries received as regards other functions are not serious, do not kill the 
individual, so, as long as this principal function of our life is not disturbed, 
nothing can destroy our nation. But mark you, if you give up that spirituality, 
leaving it aside to go after the materialising civilisation of the West, the result 
will be that in three generations you will be an extinct race; because the 
backbone of the nation will be broken, the foundation upon which the national 
edifice has been built will be undermined, and the result will be annihilation all 
round. 

Therefore, my friends, the way out is that first and foremost we must keep a 
firm hold on spirituality — that inestimable gift handed down to us by our 
ancient forefathers. Did you ever hear of a country where the greatest kings 
tried to trace their descent not to kings, not to robber-barons living in old 
castles who plundered poor travellers, but to semi-naked sages who lived in the 
forest? Did you ever hear of such a land? This is the land. In other countries 
great priests try to trace their descent to some king, but here the greatest kings 
would trace their descent to some ancient priest. Therefore, whether you 
believe in spirituality or not, for the sake of the national life, you have to get a 
hold on spirituality and keep to it. Then stretch the other hand out and gain all 
you can from other races, but everything must be subordinated to that one ideal 
of life; and out of that a wonderful, glorious, future India will come — I am 
sure it is coming — a greater India than ever was. Sages will spring up greater 
than all the ancient sages; and your ancestors will not only be satisfied, but I 
am sure, they will be proud from their positions in other worlds to look down 
upon their descendants, so glorious, and so great. 



Let us all work hard, my brethren; this is no time for sleep. On our work 
depends the coming of the India of the future. She is there ready waiting. She is 
only sleeping. Arise and awake and see her seated here on her eternal throne, 
rejuvenated, more glorious than she ever was — this motherland of ours. The 
idea of God was nowhere else ever so fully developed as in this motherland of 
ours, for the same idea of God never existed anywhere else. Perhaps you are 
astonished at my assertion; but show me any idea of God from any other 
scripture equal to ours; they have only clan-Gods, the God of the Jews, the God 
of the Arabs, and of such and such a race, and their God is fighting the Gods of 
the other races. But the idea of that beneficent, most merciful God, our father, 
our mother, our friend, the friend of our friends, the soul of our souls, is here 
and here alone. And may He who is the Shiva of the Shaivites, the Vishnu of 
the Vaishnavites, the Karma of the Karmis, the Buddha of the Buddhists, the 
Jina of the Jains, the Jehovah of the Christians and the Jews, the Allah of the 
Mohammedans, the Lord of every sect, the Brahman of the Vedantists, He the 
all-pervading, whose glory has been known only in this land — may He bless 
us, may He help us, may He give strength unto us, energy unto us, to carry this 
idea into practice. May that which we have listened to and studied become food 
to us, may it become strength in us, may it become energy in us to help each 
other; may we, the teacher and the taught, not be jealous of each other! Peace, 
peace, peace, in the name of Hari! 



» 



Home / Complete- Works / Volume 3 / Lectures from Colombo to Almora / 

« 

REPLY TO THE ADDRESS OF WELCOME AT PARAMAKUDI 

Paramakudi was the first stopping-place after leaving Ramnad, and there was a 
demonstration on a large scale, including the presentation of the following 
address: 



SREEMAT VIVEKANANDA SWAMI 

We, the citizens of Paramakudi, respectfully beg to accord your Holiness a 
most hearty welcome to this place after your successful spiritual campaign of 
nearly four years in the Western world. 

We share with our countrymen the feelings of joy and pride at the philanthropy 
which prompted you to attend the Parliament of Religions held at Chicago, and 
lay before the representatives of the religious world the sacred but hidden 
treasures of our ancient land. You have by your wide exposition of the sacred 
truths contained in the Vedic literature disabused the enlightened minds of the 
West of the prejudices entertained by them against our ancient faith, and 
convinced them of its universality and adaptability for intellects of all shades 
and in all ages. 

The presence amongst us of your Western disciples is proof positive that your 
religious teachings have not only been understood in theory, but have also 
borne practical fruits. The magnetic influence of your august person reminds us 
of our ancient holy Rishis whose realisation of the Self by asceticism and self- 
control made them the true guides and preceptors of the human race. 

In conclusion, we most earnestly pray to the All-Merciful that your Holiness 
may long be spared to continue to bless and spiritualist the whole of mankind. 

With best regards. 
We beg to subscribe ourselves, 



Your Holiness' most obedient and devoted DISCIPLES and SERVANTS. 



In the course of his reply the Swami said: 

It is almost impossible to express my thanks for the kindness and cordiality 
with which you have received me. But if I may be permitted to say so, I will 
add that my love for my country, and especially for my countrymen, will be the 
same whether they receive me with the utmost cordiality or spurn me from the 
country. For in the Gita Shri Krishna says — men should work for work's sake 
only, and love for love's sake. The work that has been done by me in the 
Western world has been very little; there is no one present here who could not 
have done a hundred times more work in the West than has been done by me. 
And I am anxiously waiting for the day when mighty minds will arise, gigantic 
spiritual minds, who will be ready to go forth from India to the ends of the 
world to teach spirituality and renunciation — those ideas which have come 
from the forests of India and belong to Indian soil alone. 

There come periods in the history of the human race when, as it were, whole 
nations are seized with a sort of world- weariness, when they find that all their 
plans are slipping between their fingers, that old institutions and systems are 
crumbling into dust, that their hopes are all blighted and everything seems to be 
out of joint. Two attempts have been made in the world to found social life: the 
one was upon religion, and the other was upon social necessity. The one was 
founded upon spirituality, the other upon materialism; the one upon 
transcendentalism, the other upon realism. The one looks beyond the horizon of 
this little material world and is bold enough to begin life there, even apart from 
the other. The other, the second, is content to take its stand on the things of the 
world and expects to find a firm footing there. Curiously enough, it seems that 
at times the spiritual side prevails, and then the materialistic side — in wave- 
like motions following each other. In the same country there will be different 
tides. At one time the full flood of materialistic ideas prevails, and everything 
in this life — prosperity, the education which procures more pleasures, more 
food — will become glorious at first and then that will degrade and degenerate. 
Along with the prosperity will rise to white heat all the inborn jealousies and 
hatreds of the human race. Competition and merciless cruelty will be the 
watchword of the day. To quote a very commonplace and not very elegant 
English proverb, "Everyone for himself, and the devil take the hindmost", 



becomes the motto of the day. Then people think that the whole scheme of life 
is a failure. And the world would be destroyed had not spirituality come to the 
rescue and lent a helping hand to the sinking world. Then the world gets new 
hope and finds a new basis for a new building, and another wave of spirituality 
comes, which in time again declines. As a rule, spirituality brings a class of 
men who lay exclusive claim to the special powers of the world. The 
immediate effect of this is a reaction towards materialism, which opens the 
door to scores of exclusive claims, until the time comes when not only all the 
spiritual powers of the race, but all its material powers and privileges are 
centred in the hands of a very few; and these few, standing on the necks of the 
masses of the people, want to rule them. Then society has to help itself, and 
materialism comes to the rescue. 

If you look at India, our motherland, you will see that the same thing is going 
on now. That you are here today to welcome one who went to Europe to preach 
Vedanta would have been impossible had not the materialism of Europe 
opened the way for it. Materialism has come to the rescue of India in a certain 
sense by throwing open the doors of life to everyone, by destroying the 
exclusive privileges of caste, by opening up to discussion the inestimable 
treasures which were hidden away in the hands of a very few who have even 
lost the use of them. Half has been stolen and lost; and the other half which 
remains is in the hands of men who, like dogs in the manger, do not eat 
themselves and will not allow others to do so. On the other hand, the political 
systems that we are struggling for in India have been in Europe for ages, have 
been tried for centuries, and have been found wanting. One after another, the 
institutions, systems, and everything connected with political government have 
been condemned as useless; and Europe is restless, does not know where to 
turn. The material tyranny is tremendous. The wealth and power of a country 
are in the hands of a few men who do not work but manipulate the work of 
millions of human beings. By this power they can deluge the whole earth with 
blood. Religion and all things are under their feet; they rule and stand supreme. 
The Western world is governed by a handful of Shylocks. All those things that 
you hear about — constitutional government, freedom, liberty, and parliaments 
— are but jokes. 



The West is groaning under the tyranny of the Shylocks, and the East is 



groaning under the tyranny of the priests; each must keep the other in check. 

Do not think that one alone is to help the world. In this creation of the impartial 
Lord, He has made equal every particle in the universe. The worst, most 
demoniacal man has some virtues which the greatest saint has not; and the 
lowest worm may have certain things which the highest man has not. The poor 
labourer, who you think has so little enjoyment in life, has not your intellect, 
cannot understand the Vedanta Philosophy and so forth; but compare your 
body with his, and you will see, his body is not so sensitive to pain as yours. If 
he gets severe cuts on his body, they heal up more quickly than yours would. 
His life is in the senses, and he enjoys there. His life also is one of equilibrium 
and balance. Whether on the ground of materialism, or of intellect, or of 
spirituality, the compensation that is given by the Lord to every one impartially 
is exactly the same. Therefore we must not think that we are the saviours of the 
world. We can teach the world, a good many things, and we can learn a good 
many things from it too. We can teach the world only what it is waiting for. 

The whole of Western civilisation will crumble to pieces in the next fifty years 
if there is no spiritual foundation. It is hopeless and perfectly useless to attempt 
to govern mankind with the sword. You will find that the very centres from 
which such ideas as government by force sprang up are the very first centres to 
degrade and degenerate and crumble to pieces. Europe, the centre of the 
manifestation of material energy, will crumble into dust within fifty years if she 
is not mindful to change her position, to shift her ground and make spirituality 
the basis of her life. And what will save Europe is the religion of the 
Upanishads. 

Apart from the different sects, philosophies, and scriptures, there is one 
underlying doctrine — the belief in the soul of man, the Atman — common to 
all our sects: and that can change the whole tendency of the world. With 
Hindus, Jains, and Buddhists, in fact everywhere in India, there is the idea of a 
spiritual soul which is the receptacle of all power. And you know full well that 
there is not one system of philosophy in India which teaches you that you can 
get power or purity or perfection from outside; but they all tell you that these 
are your birthright, your nature. Impurity is a mere superimposition under 
which your real nature has become hidden. But the real you is already perfect, 
already strong. You do not require any assistance to govern yourself; you are 
already self-restrained. The only difference is in knowing it or not knowing it. 



Therefore the one difficulty has been summed up in the word, Avidya. What 
makes the difference between God and man, between the saint and the sinner? 
Only ignorance. What is the difference between the highest man and the lowest 
worm that crawls under your feet? Ignorance. That makes all the difference. 

For inside that little crawling worm is lodged infinite power, and knowledge, 
and purity — the infinite divinity of God Himself. It is unmanifested; it will 
have to be manifested. 

This is the one great truth India has to teach to the world, because it is nowhere 
else. This is spirituality, the science of the soul. What makes a man stand up 
and work? Strength. Strength is goodness, weakness is sin. If there is one word 
that you find coming out like a bomb from the Upanishads, bursting like a 
bomb-shell upon masses of ignorance, it is the word fearlessness. And the only 
religion that ought to be taught is the religion of fearlessness. Either in this 
world or in the world of religion, it is true that fear is the sure cause of 
degradation and sin. It is fear that brings misery, fear that brings death, fear that 
breeds evil. And what causes fear? Ignorance of our own nature. Each of us is 
heir- apparent to the Emperor of emperors; are of the substance of God Himself. 
Nay, according to the Advaita, we are God Himself though we have forgotten 
our own nature in thinking of ourselves as little men. We have fallen from that 
nature and thus made differences — I am a little better than you, or you than I, 
and so on. This idea of oneness is the great lesson India has to give, and mark 
you, when this is understood, it changes the whole aspect of things, because 
you look at the world through other eyes than you have been doing before. And 
this world is no more a battlefield where each soul is born to struggle with 
every other soul and the strongest gets the victory and the weakest goes to 
death. It becomes a playground where the Lord is playing like a child, and we 
are His playmates, His fellow- workers. This is only a play, however terrible, 
hideous, and dangerous it may appear. We have mistaken its aspect. When we 
have known the nature of the soul, hope comes to the weakest, to the most 
degraded, to the most miserable sinner. Only, declares your Shastra, despair 
not. For you are the same whatever you do, and you cannot change your nature. 
Nature itself cannot destroy nature. Your nature is pure. It may be hidden for 
millions of aeons, but at last it will conquer and come out. Therefore the 
Advaita brings hope to every one and not despair. Its teaching is not through 
fear; it teaches, not of devils who are always on the watch to snatch you if you 



miss your footing — it has nothing to do with devils — but says that you have 
taken your fate in your own hands. Your own Karma has manufactured for you 
this body, and nobody did it for you. The Omnipresent Lord has been hidden 
through ignorance, and the responsibility is on yourself. You have not to think 
that you were brought into the world without your choice and left in this most 
horrible place, but to know that you have yourself manufactured your body bit 
by bit just as you are doing it this very moment. You yourself eat; nobody eats 
for you. You assimilate what you eat; no one does it for you. You make blood, 
and muscles, and body out of the food; nobody does it for you. So you have 
done all the time. One link in a chain explains the infinite chain. If it is true for 
one moment that you manufacture your body, it is true for every moment that 
has been or will come. And all the responsibility of good and evil is on you. 
This is the great hope. What I have done, that I can undo. And at the same time 
our religion does not take away from mankind the mercy of the Lord. That is 
always there. On the other hand, He stands beside this tremendous current of 
good and evil. He the bondless, the ever-merciful, is always ready to help us to 
the other shore, for His mercy is great, and it always comes to the pure in heart. 

Your spirituality, in a certain sense, will have to form the basis of the new 
order of society. If I had more time, I could show you how the West has yet 
more to learn from some of the conclusions of the Advaita, for in these days of 
materialistic science the ideal of the Personal God does not count for much. But 
yet, even if a man has a very crude form of religion and wants temples and 
forms, he can have as many as he likes; if he wants a Personal God to love, he 
can find here the noblest ideas of a Personal God such as were never attained 
anywhere else in the world. If a man wants to be a rationalist and satisfy his 
reason, it is also here that he can find the most rational ideas of the Impersonal. 

» 



« 



Home / Complete- Works / Volume 3 / Lectures from Colombo to Almora / 



REPLY TO THE ADDRESS OF WELCOME AT SHIVAGANGA AND 

MANAMADURA 

At Manamadura, the following address of welcome from the Zemindars and 
citizens of Shivaganga and Manamadura was presented to the Swami: 

TO SRI SWAMI VIVEKANANDA 

Most Revered Sir, 

We, the Zemindars and citizens of Shivaganga and Manamadura, beg to offer 
you a most hearty welcome. In the most sanguine moments of our life, in our 
widest dreams, we never contemplated that you, who were so near our hearts, 
would be in such close proximity to our homes. The first wire intimating your 
inability to come to Shivaganga cast a deep gloom on our hearts, and but for 
the subsequent silver lining to the cloud our disappointment would have been 
extreme. When we first heard that you had consented to honour our town with 
your presence, we thought we had realised our highest ambition. The mountain 
promised to come to Mohammed, and our joy knew no bounds. But when the 
mountain was obliged to withdraw its consent, and our worst fears were roused 
that we might not be able even to go to the mountain, you were graciously 
pleased to give way to our importunities. 

Despite the almost insurmountable difficulties of the voyage, the noble self- 
sacrificing spirit with which you have conveyed the grandest message of the 
East to the West, the masterly way in which the mission has been executed, and 
the marvellous and unparalleled success which has crowned your philanthropic 
efforts have earned for you an undying glory. At a time when Western bread- 
winning materialism was making the strongest inroads on Indian religious 
convictions, when the sayings and writings of our sages were beginning to be 
numbered, the advent of a new master like you has already marked an era in the 
annals of religious advancement, and we hope that in the fullness of time you 
will succeed in disintergrating the dross that is temporarily covering the 
genuine gold of Indian philosophy, and, casting it in the powerful mint of 
intellect, will make it current coin throughout the whole globe. The catholicity 



with which you were able triumphantly to bear the flag of Indian philosophic 
thought among the heterogeneous religionists assembled in the Parliament of 
Religions enables us to hope that at no distant date you, just like your 
contemporary in the political sphere, will rule an empire over which the sun 
never sets, only with this difference that hers is an empire over matter, and 
yours will be over mind. As she has beaten all records in political history by the 
length and beneficience of her reign, so we earnestly pray to the Almighty that 
you will be spared long enough to consummate the labour of love that you have 
so disinterestedly undertaken and thus to outshine all your predecessors in 
spiritual history. 



We are, 
Most Revered Sir, 
Your most dutiful and devoted 

Servants. 



The Swami’s reply was to the following effect: 

I cannot express the deep debt of gratitude which you have laid upon me by the 
kind and warm welcome which has just been accorded to me by you. 
Unfortunately I am not just now in a condition to make a very big speech, 
however much I may wish it. In spite of the beautiful adjectives which our 
Sanskrit friend has been so kind to apply to me, I have a body after all, foolish 
though it may be; and the body always follows the promptings, conditions, and 
laws of matter. As such, there is such a thing as fatigue and weariness as 
regards the material body. 

It is a great thing to see the wonderful amount of joy and appreciation 
expressed in every part of the country for the little work that has been done by 
me in the West. I look at it only in this way: I want to apply it to those great 
souls who are coming in the future. If the little bit of work that has been done 
by me receives such approbation from the nation, what must be the approbation 
that the spiritual giants, the world-movers coming after us, will get from this 
nation? India is the land of religion; the Hindu understands religion and 



religion alone. Centuries of education have always been in that line; and the 
result is that it is the one concern in life; and you all know well that it is so. It is 
not necessary that every one should be a shopkeeper; it is not necessary even 
that every one should be a schoolmaster; it is not necessary that every one 
should be a fighter; but in this world there will be different nations producing 
the harmony of result. 

Well, perhaps we are fated by Divine Providence to play the spiritual note in 
this harmony of nations, and it rejoices me to see that we have not yet lost the 
grand traditions which have been handed down to us by the most glorious 
forefathers of whom any nation can be proud. It gives me hope, it gives me 
adamantine faith in the destiny of the race. It cheers me, not for the personal 
attention paid to me, but to know that the heart of the nation is there, and is still 
sound. India is still living; who says she is dead? But the West wants to see us 
active. If they want to see us active on the field of battle, they will be 
disappointed — that is not our field — just as we would be disappointed if we 
hoped to see a military nation active on the field of spirituality. But let them 
come here and see that we are equally active, and how the nation is living and 
is as alive as ever. We should dispel the idea that we have degenerated at all. 

So far so good. 

But now I have to say a few harsh words, which I hope you will not take 
unkindly. For the complaint has just been made that European materialism has 
wellnigh swamped us. It is not all the fault of the Europeans, but a good deal 
our own. We, as Vedantists, must always look at things from an introspective 
viewpoint, from its subjective relations. We, as Vedantists, know for certain 
that there is no power in the universe to injure us unless we first injure 
ourselves. One-fifth of the population of India have become Mohammedans. 
Just as before that, going further back, two-thirds of the population in ancient 
times had become Buddhists, one-fifth are now Mohammedans, Christians are 
already more than a million. 

Whose fault is it? One of our historians says in ever-memorable language: Why 
should these poor wretches starve and die of thirst when the perennial fountain 
of life is flowing by? The question is: What did we do for these people who 
forsook their own religion? Why should they have become Mohammedans? I 



heard of an honest girl in England who was going to become a streetwalker. 
When a lady asked her not to do so, her reply was, "That is the only way I can 
get sympathy. I can find none to help me now; but let me be a fallen, 
downtrodden woman, and then perhaps merciful ladies will come and take me 
to a home and do everything they can for me." We are weeping for these 
renegades now, but what did we do for them before? Let every one of us ask 
ourselves, what have we learnt; have we taken hold of the torch of truth, and if 
so, how far did we carry it? We did not help them then. This is the question we 
should ask ourselves. That we did not do so was our own fault, our own Karma. 
Let us blame none, let us blame our own Karma. 

Materialism, or Mohammedanism, or Christianity, or any other ism in the 
world could never have succeeded but that you allowed them. No bacilli can 
attack the human frame until it is degraded and degenerated by vice, bad food, 
privation, and exposure; the healthy man passes scatheless through masses of 
poisonous bacilli. But yet there is time to change our ways. Give up all those 
old discussions, old fights about things which are meaningless, which are 
nonsensical in their very nature. Think of the last six hundred or seven hundred 
years of degradation when grown-up men by hundreds have been discussing 
for years whether we should drink a glass of water with the right hand or the 
left, whether the hand should be washed three times or four times, whether we 
should gargle five or six times. What can you expect from men who pass their 
lives in discussing such momentous questions as these and writing most 
learned philosophies on them! There is a danger of our religion getting into the 
kitchen. We are neither Vedantists, most of us now, nor Pauranics, nor 
Tantrics. We are just "Don't-touchists". Our religion is in the kitchen. Our God 
is the cooking -pot, and our religion is, "Don't touch me, I am holy". If this goes 
on for another century, every one of us will be in a lunatic asylum. It is a sure 
sign of softening of the brain when the mind cannot grasp the higher problems 
of life; all originality is lost, the mind has lost all its strength, its activity, and 
its power of thought, and just tries to go round and round the smallest curve it 
can find. This state of things has first to be thrown overboard, and then we 
must stand up, be active and strong; and then we shall recognise our heritage to 
that infinite treasure, the treasure our forefathers have left for us, a treasure that 
the whole world requires today. The world will die if this treasure is not 
distributed. Bring it out, distribute it broadcast. Says Vyasa: Giving alone is the 



one work in this Kali Yuga; and of all the gifts, giving spiritual life is the 
highest gift possible; the next gift is secular knowledge; the next, saving the life 
of man; and the last, giving food to the needy. Of food we have given enough; 
no nation is more charitable than we. So long as there is a piece of bread in the 
home of the beggar, he will give half of it. Such a phenomenon can be 
observed only in India. We have enough of that, let us go for the other two, the 
gifts of spiritual and secular knowledge. And if we were all brave and had stout 
hearts, and with absolute sincerity put our shoulders to the wheel, in twenty- 
five years the whole problem would be solved, and there would be nothing left 
here to fight about; the whole Indian world would be once more Aryan. 

This is all I have to tell you now. I am not given much to talking about plans; I 
rather prefer to do and show, and then talk about my plans. I have my plans, 
and mean to work them out if the Lord wills it, if life is given to me. I do not 
know whether I shall succeed or not, but it is a great thing to take up a grand 
ideal in life and then give up one's whole life to it. For what otherwise is the 
value of life, this vegetating, little, low life of man? Subordinating it to one 
high ideal is the only value that life has. This is the great work to be done in 
India. I welcome the present religious revival; and I should be foolish if I lost 
the opportunity of striking the iron while it is hot. 



» 



Home / Complete- Works / Volume 3 / Lectures from Colombo to Almora / 

« 

REPLY TO THE ADDRESS OF WELCOME AT MADURA 

(Spelt now as Madurai) 

The Swami was presented with an address of welcome by the Hindus of 
Madura, which read as follows: 

Most Revered Swami, 

We, the Hindu Public of Madura, beg to offer you our most heartfelt and 
respectful welcome to our ancient and holy city. We realise in you a living 
example of the Hindu Sannyasin, who, renouncing all worldly ties and 
attachments calculated to lead to the gratification of the self, is worthily 
engaged in the noble duty of living for others and endeavouring to raise the 
spiritual condition of mankind. You have demonstrated in your own person that 
the true essence of the Hindu religion is not necessarily bound up with rules 
and rituals, but that it is a sublime philosophy capable of giving peace and 
solace to the distressed and afflicted. 

You have taught America and England to admire that philosophy and that 
religion which seeks to elevate every man in the best manner suited to his 
capacities and environments. Although your teachings have for the last three 
years been delivered in foreign lands, they have not been the less eagerly 
devoured in this country, and they have not a little tended to counteract the 
growing materialism imported from a foreign soil. 

India lives to this day, for it has a mission to fulfil in the spiritual ordering of 
the universe. The appearance of a soul like you at the close of this cycle of the 
Kali Yuga is to us a sure sign of the incarnation in the near future of great souls 
through whom that mission will be fulfilled. 

Madura, the seat of ancient learning, Madura the favoured city of the God 
Sundareshwara, the holy Dwadashantakshetram of Yogis, lags behind no other 
Indian city in its warm admiration of your exposition of Indian Philosophy and 
in its grateful acknowledgments of your priceless services for humanity. 



We pray that you may be blessed with a long life of vigour and strength and 
usefulness. 

The Swami replied in the following terms: 

I wish I could live in your midst for several days and fulfil the conditions that 
have just been pointed out by your most worthy Chairman of relating to you 
my experiences in the West and the result of all my labours there for the last 
four years. But, unfortunately, even Swamis have bodies; and the continuous 
travelling and speaking that I have had to undergo for the last three weeks 
make it impossible for me to deliver a very long speech this evening. I will, 
therefore, satisfy myself with thanking you very cordially for the kindness that 
has been shown to me, and reserve other things for some day in the future when 
under better conditions of health we shall have time to talk over more various 
subjects than we can do in so short a time this evening. Being in Madura, as the 
guest of one of your well-known citizens and noblemen, the Raja of Ramnad, 
one fact comes prominently to my mind. Perhaps most of you are aware that it 
was the Raja who first put the idea into my mind of going to Chicago, and it 
was he who all the time supported it with all his heart and influence. A good 
deal, therefore, of the praise that has been bestowed upon me in this address, 
ought to go to this noble man of Southern India. I only wish that instead of 
becoming a Raja he had become a Sannyasin, for that is what he is really fit 
for. 

Wherever there is a thing really needed in one part of the world, the 
complement will find its way there and supply it with new life. This is true in 
the physical world as well as in the spiritual. If there is a want of spirituality in 
one part of the world, and at the same time that spirituality exists elsewhere, 
whether we consciously struggle for it or not, that spirituality will find its way 
to the part where it is needed and balance the inequality. In the history of the 
human race, not once or twice, but again and again, it has been the destiny of 
India in the past to supply spirituality to the world. We find that whenever 
either by mighty conquest or by commercial supremacy different parts of the 
world have been kneaded into one whole race and bequests have been made 
from one corner to the other, each nation, as it were, poured forth its own 
quota, either political, social, or spiritual. India's contribution to the sum total 



of human knowledge has been spirituality, philosophy. These she contributed 
even long before the rising of the Persian Empire; the second time was during 
the Persian Empire; for the third time during the ascendancy of the Greeks; and 
now for the fourth time during the ascendancy of the English, she is going to 
fulfil the same destiny once more. As Western ideas of organization and 
external civilisation are penetrating and pouring into our country, whether we 
will have them or not, so Indian spirituality and philosophy are deluging the 
lands of the West. None can resist it, and no more can we resist some sort of 
material civilization from the West. A little of it, perhaps, is good for us, and a 
little spiritualisation is good for the West; thus the balance will be preserved. It 
is not that we ought to learn everything from the West, or that they have to 
learn everything from us, but each will have to supply and hand down to future 
generations what it has for the future accomplishment of that dream of ages — 
the harmony of nations, an ideal world. Whether that ideal world will ever 
come I do not know, whether that social perfection will ever be reached I have 
my own doubts; whether it comes or not, each one of us will have to work for 
the idea as if it will come tomorrow, and as if it only depends on his work, and 
his alone. Each one of us will have to believe that every one else in the world 
has done his work, and the only work remaining to be done to make the world 
perfect has to be done by himself. This is the responsibility we have to take 
upon ourselves. 

In the meanwhile, in India there is a tremendous revival of religion. There is 
danger ahead as well as glory; for revival sometimes breeds fanaticism, 
sometimes goes to the extreme, so that often it is not even in the power of those 
who start the revival to control it when it has gone beyond a certain length. It is 
better, therefore, to be forewarned. We have to find our way between the Scylla 
of old superstitious orthodoxy and the Charybdis of materialism — of 
Europeanism, of soullessness, of the so-called reform — which has penetrated 
to the foundation of Western progress. These two have to be taken care of. In 
the first place, we cannot become Western; therefore imitating the Westerns is 
useless. Suppose you can imitate the Westerns, that moment you will die, you 
will have no more life in you. In the second place, it is impossible. A stream is 
taking its rise, away beyond where time began, flowing through millions of 
ages of human history; do you mean to get hold of that stream and push it back 
to its source, to a Himalayan glacier? Even if that were practicable, it would not 



be possible for you to be Europeanised. If you find it is impossible for the 
European to throw off the few centuries of culture which there is in the West, 
do you think it is possible for you to throw off the culture of shining scores of 
centuries? It cannot be. We must also remember that in every little village-god 
and every little superstition custom is that which we are accustomed to call our 
religious faith. But local customs are infinite and contradictory. Which are we 
to obey, and which not to obey? The Brahmin of Southern India, for instance, 
would shrink in horror at the sight of another Brahmin eating meat; a Brahmin 
in the North thinks it a most glorious and holy thing to do — he kills goats by 
the hundred in sacrifice. If you put forward your custom, they are equally ready 
with theirs. Various are the customs all over India, but they are local. The 
greatest mistake made is that ignorant people always think that this local 
custom is the essence of our religion. 

But beyond this there is a still greater difficulty. There are two sorts of truth we 
find in our Shastras, one that is based upon the eternal nature of man — the one 
that deals with the eternal relation of God, soul, and nature; the other, with 
local circumstances, environments of the time, social institutions of the period, 
and so forth. The first class of truths is chiefly embodied in our Vedas, our 
scriptures; the second in the Smritis, the Puranas. etc. We must remember that 
for all periods the Vedas are the final goal and authority, and if the Puranas 
differ in any respect from the Vedas, that part of the Puranas is to be rejected 
without mercy. We find, then, that in all these Smritis the teachings are 
different. One Smriti says, this is the custom, and this should be the practice of 
this age. Another one says, this is the practice of this age, and so forth. This is 

y\ 

the Achara which should be the custom of the Satya Yuga, and this is the 
Achara which should be the custom of the Kali Yuga, and so forth. Now this is 
one of the most glorious doctrines that you have, that eternal truths, being 
based upon the nature of man, will never change so long as man lives; they are 
for all times, omnipresent, universal virtues. But the Smritis speak generally of 
local circumstances, of duties arising from different environments, and they 
change in the course of time. This you have always to remember that because a 
little social custom is going to be changed you are not going to lose your 
religion, not at all. Remember these customs have already been changed. There 
was a time in this very India when, without eating beef, no Brahmin could 
remain a Brahmin; you read in the Vedas how, when a Sannyasin, a king, or a 



great man came into a house, the best bullock was killed; how in time it was 
found that as we were an agricultural race, killing the best bulls meant 
annihilation of the race. Therefore the practice was stopped, and a voice was 
raised against the killing of cows. Sometimes we find existing then what we 
now consider the most horrible customs. In course of time other laws had to be 
made. These in turn will have to go, and other Smritis will come. This is one 
fact we have to learn that the Vedas being eternal will be one and the same 
throughout all ages, but the Smritis will have an end. As time rolls on, more 
and more of the Smritis will go, sages will come, and they will change and 
direct society into better channels, into duties and into paths which accord with 
the necessity of the age, and without which it is impossible that society can 
live. Thus we have to guide our course, avoiding these two dangers; and I hope 
that every one of us here will have breadth enough, and at the same time faith 
enough, to understand what that means, which I suppose is the inclusion of 
everything, and not the exclusion. I want the intensity of the fanatic plus the 
extensity of the materialist. Deep as the ocean, broad as the infinite skies, that 
is the sort of heart we want. Let us be as progressive as any nation that ever 
existed, and at the same time as faithful and conservative towards our traditions 
as Hindus alone know how to be. 

In plain words, we have first to learn the distinction between the essentials and 
the non-essentials in everything. The essentials are eternal, the non-essentials 
have value only for a certain time; and if after a time they are not replaced by 
something essential, they are positively dangerous. I do not mean that you 
should stand up and revile all your old customs and institutions. Certainly not; 
you must not revile even the most evil one of them. Revile none. Even those 
customs that are now appearing to be positive evils, have been positively life- 
giving in times past; and if we have to remove these, we must not do so with 
curses, but with blessings and gratitude for the glorious work these customs 
have done for the preservation of our race. And we must also remember that 
the leaders of our societies have never been either generals or kings, but Rishis. 
And who are the Rishis? The Rishi as he is called in the Upanishads is not an 
ordinary man, but a Mantra-drashta. He is a man who sees religion, to whom 
religion is not merely book-learning, not argumentation, nor speculation, nor 
much talking, but actual realization, a coming face to face with truths which 
transcend the senses. This is Rishihood, and that Rishihood does not belong to 



any age, or time, or even to sects or caste. Vatsyayana says, truth must be 
realised; and we have to remember that you, and I, and every one of us will be 
called upon to become Rishis; and we must have faith in ourselves; we must 
become world-movers, for everything is in us. We must see Religion face to 
face, experience it, and thus solve our doubts about it; and then standing up in 
the glorious light of Rishihood each one of us will be a giant; and every word 
falling from our lips will carry behind it that infinite sanction of security; and 
before us evil will vanish by itself without the necessity of cursing any one, 
without the necessity of abusing any one, without the necessity of fighting any 
one in the world. May the Lord help us, each one of us here, to realise the 
Rishihood for our own salvation and for that of others ! 



» 



« 



Home / Complete- Works / Volume 3 / Lectures from Colombo to Almora / 



THE MISSION OF THE VEDANTA 

On the occasion of his visit to Kumbakonam, the Swamiji was presented with 
the following address by the local Hindu community: 

Revered Swamin, 

On behalf of the Hindu inhabitants of this ancient and religiously important 
town of Kumbakonam, we request permission to offer you a most hearty 
welcome on your return from the Western World to our own holy land of great 
temples and famous saints and sages. We are highly thankful to God for the 
remarkable success of your religious mission in America and in Europe, and 
for His having enabled you to impress upon the choicest representatives of the 
world's great religions assembled at Chicago that both the Hindu philosophy 
and religion are so broad and so rationally catholic as to have in them the 
power to exalt and to harmonise all ideas of God and of human spirituality. 

The conviction that the cause of Truth is always safe in the hands of Him who 
is the life and soul of the universe has been for thousands of years part of our 
living faith; and if today we rejoice at the results of your holy work in Christian 
lands, it is because the eyes of men in and outside of India are thereby being 
opened to the inestimable value of the spiritual heritage of the preeminently 
religious Hindu nation. The success of your work has naturally added great 
lustre to the already renowned name of your great Guru; it has also raised us in 
the estimation of the civilised world; more than all, it has made us feel that we 
too, as a people, have reason to be proud of the achievements of our past, and 
that the absence of telling aggressiveness in our civilisation is in no way a sign 
of its exhausted or decaying condition. With clear-sighted, devoted, and 
altogether unselfish workers like you in our midst, the future of the Hindu 
nation cannot but be bright and hopeful. May the God of the universe who is 
also the great God of all nations bestow on you health and long life, and make 
you increasingly strong and wise in the discharge of your high and noble 
function as a worthy teacher of Hindu religion and philosophy. 

A second address was also presented by the Hindu students of the town. 



The Swami then delivered the following address on the Mission of the 
Vedanta: 

A very small amount of religious work performed brings a large amount of 
result. If this statement of the Gita wanted an illustration, I am finding every 
day the truth of that great saying in my humble life. My work has been very 
insignificant indeed, but the kindness and the cordiality of welcome that have 
met me at every step of my journey from Colombo to this city are simply 
beyond all expectation. Yet, at the same time, it is worthy of our traditions as 
Hindus, it is worthy of our race; for here we are, the Hindu race, whose vitality, 
whose life-principle, whose very soul, as it were, is in religion. I have seen a 
little of the world, travelling among the races of the East and the West; and 
everywhere I find among nations one great ideal which forms the backbone, so 
to speak, of that race. With some it is politics, with others it is social culture; 
others again may have intellectual culture and so on for their national 
background. But this, our motherland, has religion and religion alone for its 
basis, for its backbone, for the bed-rock upon which the whole building of its 
life has been based. Some of you may remember that in my reply to the kind 
address which the people of Madras sent over to me in America, I pointed out 
the fact that a peasant in India has, in many respects, a better religious 
education than many a gentleman in the West, and today, beyond all doubt, I 
myself am verifying my own words. There was a time when I did feel rather 
discontented at the want of information among the masses of India and the lack 
of thirst among them for information, but now I understand it. Where their 
interest lies, there they are more eager for information than the masses of any 
other race that I have seen or have travelled among. Ask our peasants about the 
momentous political changes in Europe, the upheavals that are going on in 
European society — they do not know anything of them, nor do they care to 
know; but the peasants, even in Ceylon, detached from India in many ways, cut 
off from a living interest in India — I found the very peasants working in the 
fields there were already acquainted with the fact that there had been a 
Parliament of Religions in America, that an Indian Sannyasin had gone over 
there, and that he had had some success. 



Where, therefore, their interest is, there they are as eager for information as any 
other race; and religion is the one and sole interest of the people of India. I am 
not just now discussing whether it is good to have the vitality of the race in 
religious ideals or in political ideals, but so far it is clear to us that, for good or 
for evil, our vitality is concentrated in our religion. You cannot change it. You 
cannot destroy it and put in its place another. You cannot transplant a large 
growing tree from one soil to another and make it immediately take root there. 
For good or for evil, the religious ideal has been flowing into India for 
thousands of years; for good or for evil, the Indian atmosphere has been filled 
with ideals of religion for shining scores of centuries; for good or for evil, we 
have been born and brought up in the very midst of these ideas of religion, till 
it has entered into our very blood and tingled with every drop in our veins, and 
has become one with our constitution, become the very vitality of our lives. 

Can you give such religion up without the rousing of the same energy in 
reaction, without filling the channel which that mighty river has cut out for 
itself in the course of thousands of years? Do you want that the Ganga should 
go back to its icy bed and begin a new course? Even if that were possible, it 
would be impossible for this country to give up her characteristic course of 
religious life and take up for herself a new career of politics or something else. 
You can work only under the law of least resistance, and this religious line is 
the line of least resistance in India. This is the line of life, this is the line of 
growth, and this is the line of well-being in India — to follow the track of 
religion. 

Ay, in other countries religion is only one of the many necessities in life. To 
use a common illustration which I am in the habit of using, my lady has many 
things in her parlour, and it is the fashion nowadays to have a Japanese vase, 
and she must procure it; it does not look well to be without it. So my lady, or 
my gentleman, has many other occupations in life, and also a little bit of 
religion must come in to complete it. Consequently he or she has a little 
religion. Politics, social improvement, in one word, this world, is the goal of 
mankind in the West, and God and religion come in quietly as helpers to attain 
that goal. Their God is, so to speak, the Being who helps to cleanse and to 
furnish this world for them; that is apparently all the value of God for them. Do 
you not know how for the last hundred or two hundred years you have been 
hearing again and again out of the lips of men who ought to have known better, 



from the mouths of those who pretend at least to know better, that all the 
arguments they produce against the Indian religion is this — that our religion 
does not conduce to well-being in this world, that it does not bring gold to us, 
that it does not make us robbers of nations, that it does not make the strong 
stand upon the bodies of the weak and feed themselves with the life-blood of 
the weak. Certainly our religion does not do that. It cannot send cohorts, under 
whose feet the earth trembles, for the purpose of destruction and pillage and the 
ruination of races. Therefore they say — what is there in this religion? It does 
not bring any grist to the grinding mill, any strength to the muscles; what is 
there in such a religion? 

They little dream that that is the very argument with which we prove out 
religion, because it does not make for this world. Ours is the only true religion 
because, according to it, this little sense- world of three days' duration is not to 
be made the end and aim of all, is not to be our great goal. This little earthly 
horizon of a few feet is not that which bounds the view of our religion. Ours is 
away beyond, and still beyond; beyond the senses, beyond space, and beyond 
time, away, away beyond, till nothing of this world is left and the universe 
itself becomes like a drop in the transcendent ocean of the glory of the soul. 
Ours is the true religion because it teaches that God alone is true, that this 
world is false and fleeting, that all your gold is but as dust, that all your power 
is finite, and that life itself is oftentimes an evil; therefore it is, that ours is the 
true religion. Ours is the true religion because, above all, it teaches 
renunciation and stands up with the wisdom of ages to tell and to declare to the 
nations who are mere children of yesterday in comparison with us Hindus — 
who own the hoary antiquity of the wisdom, discovered by our ancestors here 
in India — to tell them in plain words: "Children, you are slaves of the senses; 
there is only finiteness in the senses, there is only ruination in the senses; the 
three short days of luxury here bring only ruin at last. Give it all up, renounce 
the love of the senses and of the world; that is the way of religion." Through 
renunciation is the way to the goal and not through enjoyment. Therefore ours 
is the only true religion. 

Ay, it is a curious fact that while nations after nations have come upon the 
stage of the world, played their parts vigorously for a few moments, and died 
almost without leaving a mark or a ripple on the ocean of time, here we are 



living, as it were, an eternal life. They talk a great deal of the new theories 
about the survival of the fittest, and they think that it is the strength of the 
muscles which is the fittest to survive. If that were true, any one of the 
aggressively known old world nations would have lived in glory today, and we, 
the weak Hindus, who never conquered even one other race or nation, ought to 
have died out; yet we live here three hundred million strong! (A young English 
lady once told me: What have the Hindus done? They never even conquered a 
single race!) And it is not at all true that all its energies are spent, that atrophy 
has overtaken its body: that is not true. There is vitality enough, and it comes 
out in torrents and deluges the world when the time is ripe and requires it. 

We have, as it were, thrown a challenge to the whole world from the most 
ancient times. In the West, they are trying to solve the problem how much a 
man can possess, and we are trying here to solve the problem on how little a 
man can live. This struggle and this difference will still go on for some 
centuries. But if history has any truth in it and if prognostications ever prove 
true, it must be that those who train themselves to live on the least and control 
themselves well will in the end gain the battle, and that those who run after 
enjoyment and luxury, however vigorous they may seem for the moment, will 
have to die and become annihilated. There are times in the history of a man's 
life, nay, in the history of the lives of nations, when a sort of world- weariness 
becomes painfully predominant. It seems that such a tide of world- weariness 
has come upon the Western world. There, too, they have their thinkers, great 
men; and they are already finding out that this race after gold and power is all 
vanity of vanities; many, nay, most of the cultured men and women there, are 
already weary of this competition, this struggle, this brutality of their 
commercial civilisation, and they are looking forward towards something 
better. There is a class which still clings on to political and social changes as 
the only panacea for the evils in Europe, but among the great thinkers there, 
other ideals are growing. They have found out that no amount of political or 
social manipulation of human conditions can cure the evils of life. It is a 
change of the soul itself for the better that alone will cure the evils of life. No 
amount of force, or government, or legislative cruelty will change the 
conditions of a race, but it is spiritual culture and ethical culture alone that can 
change wrong racial tendencies for the better. Thus these races of the West are 
eager for some new thought, for some new philosophy; the religion they have 



had, Christianity, although good and glorious in many respects, has been 
imperfectly understood, and is, as understood hitherto, found to be insufficient. 
The thoughtful men of the West find in our ancient philosophy, especially in 
the Vedanta, the new impulse of thought they are seeking, the very spiritual 
food and drink for which they are hungering and thirsting. And it is no wonder 
that this is so. 

I have become used to hear all sorts of wonderful claims put forward in favour 
of every religion under the sun. You have also heard, quite within recent times, 
the claims put forward by Dr. Barrows, a great friend of mine, that Christianity 
is the only universal religion. Let me consider this question awhile and lay 
before you my reasons why I think that it is Vedanta, and Vedanta alone that 
can become the universal religion of man, and that no other is fitted for the 
role. Excepting our own almost all the other great religions in the world are 
inevitably connected with the life or lives of one or more of their founders. All 
their theories, their teachings, their doctrines, and their ethics are built round 
the life of a personal founder, from whom they get their sanction, their 
authority, and their power; and strangely enough, upon the historicity of the 
founder's life is built, as it were, all the fabric of such religions. If there is one 
blow dealt to the historicity of that life, as has been the case in modern times 
with the lives of almost all the so-called founders of religion — we know that 
half of the details of such lives is not now seriously believed in, and that the 
other half is seriously doubted — if this becomes the case, if that rock of 
historicity, as they pretend to call it, is shaken and shattered, the whole building 
tumbles down, broken absolutely, never to regain its lost status. 

Every one of the great religions in the world excepting our own, is built upon 
such historical characters; but ours rests upon principles. There is no man or 
woman who can claim to have created the Vedas. They are the embodiment of 
eternal principles; sages discovered them; and now and then the names of these 
sages are mentioned — just their names; we do not even know who or what 
they were. In many cases we do not know who their fathers were, and almost in 
every case we do not know when and where they were born. But what cared 
they, these sages, for their names? They were the preachers of principles, and 
they themselves, so far as they went, tried to become illustrations of the 
principles they preached. At the same time, just as our God is an Impersonal 



and yet a Personal God, so is our religion a most intensely impersonal one — a 
religion based upon principles — and yet with an infinite scope for the play of 
persons; for what religion gives you more Incarnations, more prophets and 
seers, and still waits for infinitely more? The Bhagavata says that Incarnations 
are infinite, leaving ample scope for as many as you like to come. Therefore if 
any one or more of these persons in India's religious history, any one or more 
of these Incarnations, and any one or more of our prophets proved not to have 
been historical, it does not injure our religion at all; even then it remains firm as 
ever, because it is based upon principles, and not upon persons. It is in vain we 
try to gather all the peoples of the world around a single personality. It is 
difficult to make them gather together even round eternal and universal 
principles. If it ever becomes possible to bring the largest portion of humanity 
to one way of thinking in regard to religion, mark you, it must be always 
through principles and not through persons. Yet as I have said, our religion has 
ample scope for the authority and influence of persons. There is that most 
wonderful theory of Ishta which gives you the fullest and the freest choice 
possible among these great religious personalities. You may take up any one of 
the prophets or teachers as your guide and the object of your special adoration; 
you are even allowed to think that he whom you have chosen is the greatest of 
the prophets, greatest of all the Avataras; there is no harm in that, but you must 
keep to a firm background of eternally true principles. The strange fact here is 
that the power of our Incarnations has been holding good with us only so far as 
they are illustrations of the principles in the Vedas. The glory of Shri Krishna is 
that he has been the best preacher of our eternal religion of principles and the 
best commentator on the Vedanta that ever lived in India. 

The second claim of the Vedanta upon the attention of the world is that, of all 
the scriptures in the world, it is the one scripture the teaching of which is in 
entire harmony with the results that have been attained by the modern scientific 
investigations of external nature. Two minds in the dim past of history, cognate 
to each other in form and kinship and sympathy, started, being placed in 
different routes. The one was the ancient Hindu mind, and the other the ancient 
Greek mind. The former started by analysing the internal world. The latter 
started in search of that goal beyond by analysing the external world. And even 
through the various vicissitudes of their history, it is easy to make out these two 
vibrations of thought as tending to produce similar echoes of the goal beyond. 



It seems clear that the conclusions of modern materialistic science can be 
acceptable, harmoniously with their religion, only to the Vedantins or Hindus 
as they are called. It seems clear that modern materialism can hold its own and 
at the same time approach spirituality by taking up the conclusions of the 
Vedanta. It seems t o us, and to all who care to know, that the conclusions of 
modern science are the very conclusions the Vedanta reached ages ago; only, in 
modern science they are written in the language of matter. This then is another 
claim of the Vedanta upon modern Western minds, its rationality, the 
wonderful rationalism of the Vedanta. I have myself been told by some of the 
best Western scientific minds of the day, how wonderfully rational the 
conclusions of the Vedanta are. I know one of them personally who scarcely 
has time to eat his meal or go out of his laboratory, but who yet would stand by 
the hour to attend my lectures on the Vedanta; for, as he expresses it, they are 
so scientific, they so exactly harmonise with the aspirations of the age and with 
the conclusions to which modern science is coming at the present time. 

Two such scientific conclusions drawn from comparative religion, I would 
specially like to draw your attention to: the one bears upon the idea of the 
universality of religions, and the other on the idea of the oneness of things. We 
observe in the histories of Babylon and among the Jews an interesting religious 
phenomenon happening. We find that each of these Babylonian and Jewish 
peoples was divided into so many tribes, each tribe having a god of its own, 
and that these little tribal gods had often a generic name. The gods among the 
Babylonians were all called Baals, and among them Baal Merodach was the 
chief. In course of time one of these many tribes would conquer and assimilate 
the other racially allied tribes, and the natural result would be that the god of 
the conquering tribe would be placed at the head of all the gods of the other 
tribes. Thus the so-called boasted monotheism of the Semites was created. 
Among the Jews the gods went by the name of Molochs. Of these there was 
one Moloch who belonged to the tribe called Israel, and he was called the 
Moloch- Yahveh or Moloch- Yava. In time, this tribe of Israel slowly conquered 
some of the other tribes of the same race, destroyed their Molochs, and 
declared its own Moloch to be the Supreme Moloch of all the Molochs. And I 
am sure, most of you know the amount of bloodshed, of tyranny, and of brutal 
savagery that this religious conquest entailed. Later on, the Babylonians tried to 
destroy this supremacy of Moloch- Yahveh, but could not succeed in doing so. 



It seems to me, that such an attempt at tribal self-assertion in religious matters 
might have taken place on the frontiers and India also. Here, too, all the various 
tribes of the Aryans might have come into conflict with one another for 
declaring the supremacy of their several tribal gods; but India's history was to 
be otherwise, was to be different from that of the Jews. India alone was to be, 
of all lands, the land of toleration and of spirituality; and therefore the fight 
between tribes and their gods did not long take place here. For one of the 
greatest sages that was ever born found out here in India even at that distant 
time, which history cannot reach, and into whose gloom even tradition itself 
dares not peep — in that distant time the sage arose and declared, 

— "He who exists is one; the sages call Him variously." 
This is one of the most memorable sentences that was ever uttered, one of the 
grandest truths that was ever discovered. And for us Hindus this truth has been 
the very backbone of our national existence. For throughout the vistas of the 
centuries of our national life, this one idea — ^]T — comes 

down, gaining in volume and in fullness till it has permeated the whole of our 
national existence, till it has mingled in our blood, and has become one with us. 
We live that grand truth in every vein, and our country has become the glorious 
land of religious toleration. It is here and here alone that they build temples and 
churches for the religions which have come with the object of condemning our 
own religion. This is one very great principle that the world is waiting to learn 
from us. Ay, you little know how much of intolerance is yet abroad. It struck 
me more than once that I should have to leave my bones on foreign shores 
owing to the prevalence of religious intolerance. Killing a man is nothing for 
religion's sake; tomorrow they may do it in the very heart of the boasted 
civilisation of the West, if today they are not really doing so. Outcasting in its 
most horrible forms would often come down upon the head of a man in the 
West if he dared to say a word against his country's accepted religion. They 
talk glibly and smoothly here in criticism of our caste laws. If you go, to the 
West and live there as I have done, you will know that even some of the 
biggest professors you hear of are arrant cowards and dare not say, for fear of 
public opinion, a hundredth part of what they hold to be really true in religious 
matter. 



Therefore the world is waiting for this grand idea of universal toleration. It will 



be a great acquisition to civilisation. Nay, no civilisation can long exist unless 
this idea enters into it. No civilisation can grow unless fanatics, bloodshed, and 
brutality stop. No civilisation can begin to lift up its head until we look 
charitably upon one another; and the first step towards that much-needed 
charity is to look charitably and kindly upon the religious convictions of others. 
Nay more, to understand that not only should we be charitable, but positively 
helpful to each other, however different our religious ideas and convictions 
may be. And that is exactly what we do in India as I have just related to you. It 
is here in India that Hindus have built and are still building churches for 
Christians and mosques for Mohammedans. That is the thing to do. In spite of 
their hatred, in spite of their brutality, in spite of their cruelly, in spite of their 
tyranny, and in spite of the vile language they are given to uttering, we will and 
must go on building churches for the Christians and mosques for the 
Mohammedans until we conquer through love, until we have demonstrated to 
the world that love alone is the fittest thing to survive and not hatred, that it is 
gentleness that has the strength to live on and to fructify, and not mere brutality 
and physical force. 

The other great idea that the world wants from us today, the thinking part of 
Europe, nay, the whole world — more, perhaps, the lower classes than the 
higher, more the masses than the cultured, more the ignorant than the educated, 
more the weak than the strong — is that eternal grand idea of the spiritual 
oneness of the whole universe. I need not tell you today, men from Madras 
University, how the modern researches of the West have demonstrated through 
physical means the oneness and the solidarity of the whole universe; how, 
physically speaking, you and I, the sun, moon, and stars are but little waves or 
waveless in the midst of an infinite ocean of matter; how Indian psychology 
demonstrated ages ago that, similarly, both body and mind are but mere names 
or little waveless in the ocean of matter, the Samashti; and how, going one step 
further, it is also shown in the Vedanta that behind that idea of the unity of the 
whole show, the real Soul is one. There is but one Soul throughout the 
universe, all is but One Existence This great idea of the real and basic solidarity 
of the whole universe has frightened many, even in this country. It even now 
finds sometimes more opponents than adherents. I tell you, nevertheless, that it 
is the one great life-giving idea which the world wants from us today, and 
which the mute masses of India want for their uplifting, for none can regenerate 



this land of ours without the practical application and effective operation of this 
ideal of the oneness of things. 

The rational West is earnestly bent upon seeking out the rationality, the raison 
d' etre of all its philosophy and its ethics; and you all know well that ethics 
cannot be derived from the mere sanction of any personage, however great and 
divine he may have been. Such an explanation of the authority of ethics appeals 
no more to the highest of the world's thinkers; they want something more than 
human sanction for ethical and moral codes to be binding, they want some 
eternal principle of truth as the sanction of ethics. And where is that eternal 
sanction to be found except in the only Infinite Reality that exists in you and in 
me and in all, in the Self, in the Soul? The infinite oneness of the Soul is the 
eternal sanction of all morality, that you and I are not only brothers — every 
literature voicing man's struggle towards freedom has preached that for you — 
but that you and I are really one. This is the dictate of Indian philosophy. This 
oneness is the rationale of all ethics and all spirituality. Europe wants it today 
just as much as our downtrodden masses do, and this great principle is even 
now unconsciously forming the basis of all the latest political and social 
aspirations that are coming up in England, in Germany, in France, and in 
America. And mark it, my friends, that in and through all the literature voicing 
man's struggle towards freedom, towards universal freedom, again and again 
you find the Indian Vedantic ideals coming out prominently. In some cases the 
writers do not know the source of their inspiration, in some cases they try to 
appear very original, and a few there are, bold and grateful enough to mention 
the source and acknowledge their indebtedness to it. 

When I was in America, I heard once the complaint made that I was preaching 
too much of Advaita, and too little of dualism. Ay, I know what grandeur, what 
oceans of love, what infinite, ecstatic blessings and joy there are in the dualistic 
love-theories of worship and religion. I know it all. But this is not the time with 
us to weep even in joy; we have had weeping enough; no more is this the time 
for us to become soft. This softness has been with us till we have become like 
masses of cotton and are dead. What our country now wants are muscles of 
iron and nerves of steel, gigantic wills which nothing can resist, which can 
penetrate into the mysteries and the secrets of the universe, and will accomplish 
their purpose in any fashion even if it meant going down to the bottom of the 



ocean and meeting death face to face. That is what we want, and that can only 
be created, established, and strengthened by understanding and realising the 
ideal of the Advaita, that ideal of the oneness of all. Faith, faith, faith in 
ourselves, faith, faith in God — this is the secret of greatness. If you have faith 
in all the three hundred and thirty millions of your mythological gods, and in 
all the gods which foreigners have now and again introduced into your midst, 
and still have no faith in yourselves, there is no salvation for you. Have faith in 
yourselves, and stand up on that faith and be strong; that is what we need. Why 
is it that we three hundred and thirty millions of people have been ruled for the 
last one thousand years by any and every handful of foreigners who chose to 
walk over our prostrate bodies? Because they had faith in themselves and we 
had not. What did I learn in the West, and what did I see behind those frothy 
sayings of the Christian sects repeating that man was a fallen and hopelessly 
fallen sinner? There I saw that inside the national hearts of both Europe and 
America reside the tremendous power of the men's faith in themselves. An 
English boy will tell you, "I am an Englishman, and I can do anything." The 
American boy will tell you the same thing, and so will any European boy. Can 
our boys say the same thing here? No, nor even the boy's fathers. We have lost 
faith in ourselves. Therefore to preach the Advaita aspect of the Vedanta is 
necessary to rouse up the hearts of men, to show them the glory of their souls. 

It is, therefore, that I preach this Advaita; and I do so not as a sectarian, but 
upon universal and widely acceptable grounds. 

It is easy to find out the way of reconciliation that will not hurt the dualist or 
the qualified monist. There is not one system in India which does not hold the 
doctrine that God is within, that Divinity resides within all things. Every one of 
our Vedantic systems admits that all purity and perfection and strength are in 
the soul already. According to some, this perfection sometimes becomes, as it 
were, contracted, and at other times it becomes expanded again. Yet it is there. 
According to the Advaita, it neither contracts nor expands, but becomes hidden 
and uncovered now and again. Pretty much the same thing in effect. The one 
may be a more logical statement than the other, but as to the result, the 
practical conclusions, both are about the same; and this is the one central idea 
which the world stands in need of, and nowhere is the want more felt than in 
this, our own motherland. 



Ay, my friends, I must tell you a few harsh truths. I read in the newspaper how, 
when one of our fellows is murdered or ill-treated by an Englishman, howls go 
up all over the country; I read and I weep, and the next moment comes to my 
mind the question: Who is responsible for it all? As a Vedantist I cannot but 
put that question to myself. The Hindu is a man of introspection; he wants to 
see things in and through himself, through the subjective vision. I, therefore, 
ask myself: Who is responsible? And the answer comes every time: Not the 
English; no, they are not responsible; it is we who are responsible for all our 
misery and all our degradation, and we alone are responsible. Our aristocratic 
ancestors went on treading the common masses of our country underfoot, till 
they became helpless, till under this torment the poor, poor people nearly forgot 
that they were human beings. They have been compelled to be merely hewers 
of wood and drawers of water for centuries, so much so, that they are made to 
believe that they are born as slaves, born as hewers of wood and drawers of 
water. With all our boasted education of modern times, if anybody says a kind 
word for them, I often find our men shrink at once from the duty of lifting them 
up, these poor downtrodden people. Not only so, but I also find that all sorts of 
most demoniacal and brutal arguments, culled from the crude ideas of 
hereditary transmission and other such gibberish from the Western world, are 
brought forward in order to brutalise and tyrannise over the poor all the more. 
At the Parliament of Religions in America, there came among others a young 
man, a born Negro, a real African Negro, and he made a beautiful speech. I 
became interested in the young man and now and then talked to him, but could 
learn nothing about him. But one day in England, I met some Americans; and 
this is what they told me. This boy was the son of a Negro chief who lived in 
the heart of Africa, and that one day another chief became angry with the father 
of this boy and murdered him and murdered the mother also, and they were 
cooked and eaten; he ordered the child to be killed also and cooked and eaten; 
but the boy fled, and after passing through great hardships and having travelled 
a distance of several hundreds of miles, he reached the seashore, and there he 
was taken into an American vessel and brought over to America. And this boy 
made that speech! After that, what was I to think of your doctrine of heredity! 

Ay, Brahmins, if the Brahmin has more aptitude for learning on the ground of 
heredity than the Pariah, spend no more money on the Brahmin's education, but 
spend all on the Pariah. Give to the weak, for there all the gift is needed. If the 



Brahmin is born clever, he can educate himself without help. If the others are 
not born clever, let them have all the teaching and the teachers they want. This 
is justice and reason as I understand it. Our poor people, these downtrodden 
masses of India, therefore, require to hear and to know what they really are. 

Ay, let every man and woman and child, without respect of caste or birth, 
weakness or strength, hear and learn that behind the strong and the weak, 
behind the high and the low, behind every one, there is that Infinite Soul, 
assuring the infinite possibility and the infinite capacity of all to become great 
and good. Let us proclaim to every soul: jtm — Arise, 

awake, and stop not till the goal is reached. Arise, awake! Awake from this 
hypnotism of weakness. None is really weak; the soul is infinite, omnipotent, 
and omniscient. Stand up, assert yourself, proclaim the God within you, do not 
deny Him! Too much of inactivity, too much of weakness, too much of 
hypnotism has been and is upon our race. O ye modern Hindus, de-hypnotise 
yourselves. The way to do that is found in your own sacred books. Teach 
yourselves, teach every one his real nature, call upon the sleeping soul and see 
how it awakes. Power will come, glory will come, goodness will come, purity 
will come, and everything that is excellent will come when this sleeping soul is 
roused to self-conscious activity. Ay, if there is anything in the Gita that I like, 
it is these two verses, coming out strong as the very gist, the very essence, of 
Krishna's teaching — "He who sees the Supreme Lord dwelling alike in all 
beings, the Imperishable in things that perish, he sees indeed. For seeing the 
Lord as the same, everywhere present, he does not destroy the Self by the Self, 
and thus he goes to the highest goal." 



Thus there is a great opening for the Vedanta to do beneficent work both here 
and elsewhere. This wonderful idea of the sameness and omnipresence of the 
Supreme Soul has to be preached for the amelioration and elevation of the 
human race here as elsewhere. Wherever there is evil and wherever there is 
ignorance and want of knowledge, I have found out by experience that all evil 
comes, as our scriptures say, relying upon differences, and that all good comes 
from faith in equality, in the underlying sameness and oneness of things. This 
is the great Vedantic ideal. To have the ideal is one thing, and to apply it 
practically to the details of daily life is quite another thing. It is very good to 
point out an ideal, but where is the practical way to reach it? 



Here naturally comes the difficult and the vexed question of caste and of social 
reformation, which has been uppermost for centuries in the minds of our 
people. I must frankly tell you that I am neither a caste-breaker nor a mere 
social reformer. I have nothing to do directly with your castes or with your 
social reformation. Live in any caste you like, but that is no reason why you 
should hate another man or another caste. It is love and love alone that I 
preach, and I base my teaching on the great Vedantic truth of the sameness and 
omnipresence of the Soul of the Universe. For nearly the past one hundred 
years, our country has been flooded with social reformers and various social 
reform proposals. Personally, I have no fault to find with these reformers. Most 
of them are good, well-meaning men, and their aims too are very laudable on 
certain points; but it is quite a patent fact that this one hundred years of social 
reform has produced no permanent and valuable result appreciable throughout 
the country. Platform speeches have been made by the thousand, denunciations 
in volumes after volumes have been hurled upon the devoted head of the Hindu 
race and its civilisation, and yet no good practical result has been achieved; and 
where is the reason for that? The reason is not hard to find. It is in the 
denunciation itself. As I told you before, in the first place, we must try to keep 
our historically acquired character as a people. I grant that we have to take a 
great many things from other nations, that we have to learn many lessons from 
outside; but I am sorry to say that most of our modern reform movements have 
been inconsiderate imitations of Western means and methods of work; and that 
surely will not do for India; therefore, it is that all our recent reform 
movements have had no result. 

In the second place, denunciation is not at all the way to do good. That there 
are evils in our society even a child can see; and in what society are there no 
evils? And let me take this opportunity, my countrymen, of telling you that in 
comparing the different races and nations of the world I have been among, I 
have come to the conclusion that our people are on the whole the most moral 
and the most godly, and our institutions are, in their plan and purpose, best 
suited to make mankind happy. I do not, therefore, want any reformation. My 
ideal is growth, expansion, development on national lines. As I look back upon 
the history of my country, I do not find in the whole world another country 
which has done quite so much for the improvement of the human mind. 
Therefore I have no words of condemnation for my nation. I tell them, "You 



have done well; only try to do better." Great things have been done in the past 
in this land, and there is both time and room for greater things to be done yet. I 
am sure you know that we cannot stand still. If we stand still, we die. We have 
either to go forward or to go backward. We have either to progress or to 
degenerate. Our ancestors did great things in the past, but we have to grow into 
a fuller life and march beyond even their great achievements. How can we now 
go back and degenerate ourselves? That cannot be; that must not be; going 
back will lead to national decay and death. Therefore let us go forward and do 
yet greater things; that is what I have to tell you. 

I am no preacher of any momentary social reform. I am not trying to remedy 
evils, I only ask you to go forward and to complete the practical realisation of 
the scheme of human progress that has been laid out in the most perfect order 
by our ancestors. I only ask you to work to realise more and more the Vedantic 
ideal of the solidarity of man and his inborn divine nature. Had I the time, I 
would gladly show you how everything we have now to do was laid out years 
ago by our ancient law-givers, and how they actually anticipated all the 
different changes that have taken place and are still to take place in our national 
institutions. They also were breakers of caste, but they were not like our 
modern men. They did not mean by the breaking of caste that all the people in 
a city should sit down together to a dinner of beef- steak and champagne, nor 
that all fools and lunatics in the country should marry when, where, and whom 
they chose and reduce the country to a lunatic asylum, nor did they believe that 
the prosperity of a nation is to be gauged by the number of husbands its 
widows get. I have yet to see such a prosperous nation. 

The ideal man of our ancestors was the Brahmin. In all our books stands out 
prominently this ideal of the Brahmin. In Europe there is my Lord the Cardinal, 
who is struggling hard and spending thousands of pounds to prove the nobility 
of his ancestors, and he will not be satisfied until he has traced his ancestry to 
some dreadful tyrant who lived on a hill and watched the people passing by, 
and whenever he had the opportunity, sprang out on them and robbed them. 
That was the business of these nobility-bestowing ancestors, and my Lord 
Cardinal is not satisfied until he can trace his ancestry to one of these. In India, 
on the other hand, the greatest princes seek to trace their descent to some 
ancient sage who dressed in a bit of loin cloth, lived in a forest, eating roots and 



studying the Vedas. It is there that the Indian prince goes to trace his ancestry. 
You are of the high caste when you can trace your ancestry to a Rishi, and not 
otherwise. 

Our ideal of high birth, therefore, is different from, that of others. Our ideal is 
the Brahmin of spiritual culture and renunciation. By the Brahmin ideal what 
do I mean? I mean the ideal Brahmin-ness in which worldliness is altogether 
absent and true wisdom is abundantly present. That is the ideal of the Hindu 
race. Have you not heard how it is declared that he, the Brahmin, is not 
amenable to law, that he has no law, that he is not governed by kings, and that 
his body cannot be hurt? That is perfectly true. Do not understand it in the light 
thrown upon it by interested and ignorant fools, but understand it in the light of 
the true and original Vedantic conception. If the Brahmin is he who has killed 
all selfishness and who lives and works to acquire and propagate wisdom and 
the power of love — if a country is altogether inhabited by such Brahmins, by 
men and women who are spiritual and moral and good, is it strange to think of 
that country as being above and beyond all law? What police, what military are 
necessary to govern them? Why should any one govern them at all? Why 
should they live under a government? They are good and noble, and they are 
the men of God; these are our ideal Brahmins, and we read that in the Satya 
Yuga there was only one caste, and that was the Brahmin. We read in the 
Mahabharata that the whole world was in the beginning peopled with 
Brahmins, and that as they began to degenerate, they became divided into 
different castes, and that when the cycle turns round, they will all go back to 
that Brahminical origin. This cycle is turning round now, and I draw your 
attention to this fact. Therefore our solution of the caste question is not 
degrading those who are already high up, is not running amuck through food 
and drink, is not jumping out of our own limits in order to have more 
enjoyment, but it comes by every one of us, fulfilling the dictates of our 
Vedantic religion, by our attaining spirituality, and by our becoming the ideal 
Brahmin. There is a law laid on each one of you in this land by your ancestors, 
whether you are Aryans or non- Aryans, Rishis or Brahmins, or the very lowest 
outcasts. The command is the same to you all, that you must make progress 
without stopping, and that from the highest man to the lowest Pariah, every one 
in this country has to try and become the ideal Brahmin. This Vedantic idea is 
applicable not only here but over the whole world. Such is our ideal of caste as 



meant for raising all humanity slowly and gently towards the realisation of that 
great ideal of the spiritual man who is non-resisting, calm, steady, worshipful, 
pure, and meditative. In that ideal there is God. 

How are these things to be brought about? I must again draw your attention to 
the fact that cursing and vilifying and abusing do not and cannot produce 
anything good. They have been tried for years and years, and no valuable result 
has been obtained. Good results can be produced only through love, through 
sympathy. It is a great subject, and it requires several lectures to elucidate all 
the plans that I have in view, and all the ideas that are, in this connection, 
coming to my mind day after day I must, therefore, conclude, only reminding 
you of this fact that this ship of our nation, O Hindus, has been usefully plying 
here for ages. Today, perhaps, it has sprung a leak; today, perhaps, it has 
become a little worn out. And if such is the case, it behaves you and me to try 
our best to stop the leak and holes. Let us tell our countrymen of the danger, let 
them awake and help us. I will cry at the top of my voice from one part of this 
country to the other, to awaken the people to the situation and their duty. 
Suppose they do not hear me, still I shall not have one word of abuse for them, 
not one word of cursing. Great has been our nation's work in the past; and if we 
cannot do greater things in the future, let us have this consolation that we can 
sink and die together in peace. Be patriots, love the race which has done such 
great things for us in the past. Ay, the more I compare notes, the more I love 
you, my fellow-countrymen; you are good and pure and gentle. You have been 
always tyrannised over, and such is the irony of this material world of Maya. 
Never mind that; the Spirit will triumph in the long run. In the meanwhile let us 
work and let us not abuse our country, let us not curse and abuse the weather- 
beaten and work-worn institutions of our thrice-holy motherland. Have no 
word of condemnation even for the most superstitious and the most irrational of 
its institutions, for they also must have served some good in the past. 

Remember always that there is not in the world any other country whose 
institutions are really better in their aims and objects than the institutions of this 
land. I have seen castes in almost every country in the world, but nowhere is 
their plan and purpose so glorious as here. If caste is thus unavoidable, I would 
rather have a caste of purity and culture and self-sacrifice, than a caste of 
dollars. Therefore utter no words of condemnation. Close your lips and let your 
hearts open. Work out the salvation of this land and of the whole world, each of 



you thinking that the entire burden is on your shoulders. Carry the light and the 
life of the Vedanta to every door, and rouse up the divinity that is hidden within 
every soul. Then, whatever may be the measure of your success, you will have 
this satisfaction that you have lived, worked, and died for a great cause. In the 
success of this cause, howsoever brought about, is centred the salvation of 
humanity here and hereafter. 



» 



Home / Complete- Works / Volume 3 / Lectures from Colombo to Almora / 

« 

REPLY TO THE ADDRESS OF WELCOME AT MADRAS 

When the Swami Vivekananda arrived at Madras an address of welcome was 
presented to him by the Madras Reception Committee. It read as follows: 

Revered Swamin, 

> 

On behalf of your Hindu co-religionists in Madras, we offer you a most hearty 
welcome on the occasion of your return from your Religious Mission in the 
West. Our object in approaching you with this address is not the performance 
of any merely formal or ceremonial function; we come to offer you the love of 
our hearts and to give expression to our feeling of thankfulness for the services 
which you, by the grace of God, have been able to render to the great cause of 
Truth by proclaiming India's lofty religious ideals. 

When the Parliament of Religions was organised at Chicago, some of our 
countrymen felt naturally anxious that our noble and ancient religion should be 
worthily represented therein and properly expounded to the American nation, 
and through them to the Western world at large. It was then our privilege to 
meet you and to realise once again, what has so often proved true in the history 
of nations, that with the hour rises the man who is to help forward the cause of 
Truth. When you undertook to represent Hinduism at the Parliament of 
Religions, most of us felt, from what we had known of your great gifts, that the 
cause of Hinduism would be ably upheld by its representative in that 
memorable religious assembly. Your representation of the doctrines of 
Hinduism at once clear, correct, and authoritative, not only produced a 
remarkable impression at the Parliament of Religions itself, but has also led a 
number of men and women even in foreign lands to realise that out of the 
fountain of Indian spirituality refreshing draughts of immortal life and love 
may be taken so as to bring about a larger, fuller, and holier evolution of 
humanity than has yet been witnessed on this globe of ours. We are particularly 
thankful to you for having called the attention of the representatives of the 
World's Great Religions to the characteristic Hindu doctrine of the Harmony 
and Brotherhood of Religions. No longer is it possible for really enlightened 



and earnest men to insist that Truth and Holiness are the exclusive possessions 
of any particular locality or body of men or system of doctrine and discipline, 
or to hold that any faith or philosophy will survive to the exclusion and 
destruction of all others. In your own happy language which brings out fully 
the sweet harmony in the heart of the Bhagavad-Gita, "The whole world of 
religions is only a travelling, a coming up of different men and women through 
various conditions and circumstances to the same goal." 

Had you contented yourself with simply discharging this high and holy duty 
entrusted to your care, even then, your Hindu co-religionists would have been 
glad to recognise with joy and thankfulness the inestimable value of your work. 
But in making your way into Western countries you have also been the bearer 
of a message of light and peace to the whole of mankind, based on the old 
teachings of India's "Religion Eternal". In thanking you for all that you have 
done in the way of upholding the profound rationality of the religion of the 
Vedanta, it gives us great pleasure to allude to the great task you have in view, 
of establishing an active mission with permanent centres for the propagation of 
our religion and philosophy. The undertaking to which you propose to devote 
yours energies is worthy of the holy traditions you represent and worthy, too, 
of the spirit of the great Guru who has inspired your life and its aims. We hope 
and trust that it may be given to us also to associate ourselves with you in this 
noble work. We fervently pray to Him who is the all-knowing and all-merciful 
Lord of the Universe to bestow on you long life and full strength and to bless 
your labours with that crown of glory and success which ever deserves to shine 
on the brow of immortal Truth. 

Next was read the following address from the Maharaja of Khetri: 



Your Holiness, 

I wish to take this early opportunity of your arrival and reception at Madras to 
express my feelings of joy and pleasure on your safe return to India and to offer 
my heartfelt congratulation on the great success which has attended your 
unselfish efforts in Western lands, where it is the boast of the highest intellects 
that, "Not an inch of ground once conquered by science has ever been 



reconquered by religion" — although indeed science has hardly ever claimed to 

/V 

oppose true religion. This holy land of Aryavarta has been singularly fortunate 
in having been able to secure so worthy a representative of her sages at the 
Parliament of Religions held at Chicago, and it is entirely due to your wisdom, 
enterprise, and enthusiasm that the Western world has come to understand what 
an inexhaustible store of spirituality India has even today. Your labours have 
now proved beyond the possibility of doubt that the contradictions of the 
world's numerous creeds are all reconciled in the universal light of the Vedanta, 
and that all the peoples of the world have need to understand and practically 
realise the great truth that "Unity in variety" is nature's plan in the evolution of 
the universe, and that only by harmony and brotherhood among religions and 
by mutual toleration and help can the mission and destiny of humanity be 
accomplished. Under your high and holy auspices and the inspiring influence 
of your lofty teachings, we of the present generation have the privilege of 
witnessing the inauguration of a new era in the world's history, in which 
bigotry, hatred, and conflict may, I hope, cease, and peace, sympathy, and love 
reign among men. And I in common with my people pray that the blessings of 
God may rest on you and your labours. 

When the addresses had been read, the Swami left the hall and mounted to the 
box seat of a carriage in waiting. Owing to the intense enthusiasm of the large 
crowd assembled to welcome him, the Swami was only able to make the 
following short reply, postponing his reply proper to a future occasion: 



Man proposes and God disposes. It was proposed that the addresses and the 
replies should be carried in the English fashion. But here God disposes — I am 
speaking to a scattered audience from a chariot in the Gita fashion. Thankful 
we are, therefore, that it should have happened so. It gives a zest to the speech, 
and strength to what I am going to tell you. I do not know whether my voice 
will reach all of you, but I will try my best. I never before had an opportunity 
of addressing a large open-air meeting. 

The wonderful kindness, the fervent and enthusiastic joy with which I have 
been received from Colombo to Madras, and seem likely to be received all over 
India, have passed even my most sanguine expectations; but that only makes 



me glad, for it proves the assertion which I have made again and again in the 
past that as each nation has one ideal as its vitality, as each nation has one 
particular groove which is to become its own, so religion is the peculiarity of 
the growth of the Indian mind. In other parts of the world, religion is one of the 
many considerations, in fact it is a minor occupation. In England, for instance, 
religion is part of the national policy. The English Church belongs to the ruling 
class, and as such, whether they believe in it or not, they all support it, thinking 
that it is their Church. Every gentleman and every lady is expected to belong to 
that Church. It is a sign of gentility. So with other countries, there is a great 
national power; either it is represented by politics or it is represented by some 
intellectual pursuits; either it is represented by militarism or by commercialism. 
There the heart of the nation beats, and religion is one of the many secondary 
ornamental things which that nation possesses. 

Here in India, it is religion that forms the very core of the national heart. It is 
the backbone, the bed-rock, the foundation upon which the national edifice has 
been built. Politics, power, and even intellect form a secondary consideration 
here. Religion, therefore, is the one consideration in India. I have been told a 
hundred times of the want of information there is among the masses of the 
Indian people; and that is true. Landing in Colombo I found not one of them 
had heard of the political upheavals going on in Europe — the changes, the 
downfall of ministries, and so forth. Not one of them had heard of what is 
meant by socialism, and anarchism, and of this and that change in the political 
atmosphere of Europe. But that there was a Sannyasin from India sent over to 
the Parliament of Religions, and that he had achieved some sort of success had 
become known to every man, woman, and child in Ceylon. It proves that there 
is no lack of information, nor lack of desire for information where it is of the 
character that suits them, when it falls in line with the necessities of their life. 
Politics and all these things never formed a necessity of Indian life, but religion 
and spirituality have been the one condition upon which it lived and thrived 
and has got to live in the future. 

Two great problems are being decided by the nations of the world. India has 
taken up one side, and the rest of the world has taken the other side. And the 
problem is this: who is to survive? What makes one nation survive and the 
others die? Should love survive or hatred, should enjoyment survive or 



renunciation, should matter survive or the spirit, in the struggle of life? We 
think as our ancestors did, away back in pre-historic ages. Where even tradition 
cannot pierce the gloom of that past, there our glorious ancestors have taken up 
their side of the problem and have thrown the challenge to the world. Our 
solution is renunciation, giving up, fearlessness, and love; these are the fittest 
to survive. Giving up the senses makes a nation survive. As a proof of this, here 
is history today telling us of mushroom nations rising and falling almost every 
century — starting up from nothingness, making vicious play for a few days, 
and then melting. This big, gigantic race which had to grapple with some of the 
greatest problems of misfortunes, dangers, and vicissitudes such as never fell 
upon the head of any other nation of the world, survives because it has taken 
the side of renunciation; for without renunciation how can there be religion? 
Europe is trying to, solve the other side of the problem as to how much a man 
can have, how much more power a man can possess by hook or by crook, by 
some means or other. Competition — cruel, cold, and heartless — is the law of 
Europe. Our law is caste — the breaking of competition, checking its forces, 
mitigating its cruelties, smoothing the passage of the human soul through this 
mystery of life. 



At this stage the crowd became so unmanageable that the Swami could not 
make himself heard to advantage. He, therefore ended his address with these 
words: 

Friends, I am very much pleased with your enthusiasm. It is marvellous. Do not 
think that I am displeased with you at all; I am, on the other hand, intensely 
pleased at the show of enthusiasm. That is what is required — tremendous 
enthusiasm. Only make it permanent; keep it up. Let not the fire die out. We 
want to work out great things in India. For that I require your help; such 
enthusiasm is necessary. It is impossible to hold this meeting any longer. I 
thank you very much for your kindness and enthusiastic welcome. In calm 
moments we shall have better thoughts and ideas to exchange; now for the 
time, my friends, good-bye. 

It is impossible to address you on all sides, therefore you must content 
yourselves this evening with merely seeing me. I will reserve my speech for 



some other occasion. I thank you very much for your enthusiastic welcome. 



« 



Home / Complete- Works / Volume 3 / Lectures from Colombo to Almora / 



MY PLAN OF CAMPAIGN 

{Delivered at the Victoria Hall, Madras) 

As the other day we could not proceed, owing to the crowd, I shall take this 
opportunity of thanking the people of Madras for the uniform kindness that I 
have received at their hands. I do not know how better to express my gratitude 
for the beautiful words that have been expressed in the addresses than by 
praying to the Lord to make me worthy of the kind and generous expressions 
and by working all my life for the cause of our religion and to serve our 
motherland; and may the Lord make me worthy of them. 

With all my faults, I think I have a little bit of boldness. I had a message from 
India to the West, and boldly I gave it to the American and the English peoples. 
I want, before going into the subject of the day, to speak a few bold words to 
you all. There have been certain circumstances growing around me, tending to 
thwart me, oppose my progress, and crush me out of existence if they could. 
Thank God they have failed, as such attempts will always fail. But there has 
been, for the last three years, a certain amount of misunderstanding, and so 
long as I was in foreign lands, I held my peace and did not even speak one 
word; but now, standing upon the soil of my motherland, I want to give a few 
words of explanation. Not that I care what the result will be of these words — 
not that I care what feeling I shall evoke from you by these words. I care very 
little, for I am the same Sannyasin that entered your city about four years ago 
with this staff and Kamandalu; the same broad world is before me. Without 
further preface let me begin. 

First of all, I have to say a few words about the Theosophical Society. It goes 
without saying that a certain amount of good work has been done to India by 
the Society; as such every Hindu is grateful to it, and especially to Mrs. Besant; 
for though I know very little of her, yet what little I know has impressed me 
with the idea that she is a sincere well-wisher of this motherland of ours, and 
that she is doing the best in her power to raise our country. For that, the eternal 
gratitude of every trueborn Indian is hers, and all blessings be on her and hers 
for ever. But that is one thing — and joining the Society of the Theosophists is 



another. Regard and estimation and love are one thing, and swallowing 
everything any one has to say, without reasoning, without criticising, without 
analysing, is quite another. There is a report going round that the Theosophists 
helped the little achievements of mine in America and England. I have to tell 
you plainly that every word of it is wrong, every word of it is untrue. We hear 
so much tall talk in this world, of liberal ideas and sympathy with differences 
of opinion. That is very good, but as a fact, we find that one sympathises with 
another only so long as the other believes in everything he has to say, but as 
soon as he dares to differ, that sympathy is gone, that love vanishes. There are 
others, again, who have their own axes to grind, and if anything arises in a 
country which prevents the grinding of them, their hearts burn, any amount of 
hatred comes out, and they do not know what to do. What harm does it do to 
the Christian missionary that the Hindus are trying to cleanse their own houses? 
What injury will it do to the Brahmo Samaj and other reform bodies that the 
Hindus are trying their best to reform themselves? Why should they stand in 
opposition? Why should they be the greatest enemies of these movements? 
Why? — I ask. It seems to me that their hatred and jealousy are so bitter that no 
why or how can be asked there. 

Four years ago, when I, a poor, unknown, friendless Sannyasin was going to 
America, going beyond the waters to America without any introductions or 
friends there, I called on the leader of the Theosophical Society. Naturally I 
thought he, being an American and a lover of India, perhaps would give me a 
letter of introduction to somebody there. He asked me, "Will you join my 
Society?" "No," I replied, "how can I? For I do not believe in most of your 
doctrines." "Then, I am sorry, I cannot do anything for you," he answered. That 
was not paving the way for me. I reached America, as you know, through the 
help of a few friends of Madras. Most of them are present here. Only one is 
absent, Mr. Justice Subramania Iyer, to whom my deepest gratitude is due. He 
has the insight of a genius and is one of the staunchest friends I have in this 
life, a true friend indeed, a true child of India. I arrived in America several 
months before the Parliament of Religions began. The money I had with me 
was little, and it was soon spent. Winter approached, and I had only thin 
summer clothes. I did not know what to do in that cold, dreary climate, for if I 
went to beg in the streets, the result would have been that I would have been 
sent to jail. There I was with the last few dollars in my pocket. I sent a wire to 



my friends in Madras. This came to be known to the Theosophists, and one of 
them wrote, "Now the devil is going to die; God bless us all." Was that paving 
the way for me? I would not have mentioned this now; but, as my countrymen 
wanted to know, it must come out. For three years I have not opened my lips 
about these things; silence has been my motto; but today the thing has come 
out. That was not all. I saw some Theosophists in the Parliament of Religions, 
and I wanted to talk and mix with them. I remember the looks of scorn which 
were on their faces, as much as to say, "What business has the worm to be here 
in the midst of the gods?" After I had got name and fame at the Parliament of 
Religions, then came tremendous work for me; but at every turn the 
Theosophists tried to cry me down. Theosophists were advised not to come and 
hear my lectures, for thereby they would lose all sympathy of the Society, 
because the laws of the esoteric section declare that any man who joins that 
esoteric section should receive instruction from Kuthumi and Moria, of course 
through their visible representatives — Mr. Judge and Mrs. Besant — so that, 
to join the esoteric section means to surrender one's independence. Certainly I 
could not do any such thing, nor could I call any man a Hindu who did any 
such thing. I had a great respect for Mr. Judge. He was a worthy man, open, 
fair, simple, and he was the best representative the Theosophists ever had. I 
have no right to criticise the dispute between him and Mrs. Besant when each 
claims that his or her Mahatma is right. And the strange part of it is that the 
same Mahatma is claimed by both. Lord knows the truth: He is the Judge, and 
no one has the right to pass judgement when the balance is equal. Thus they 
prepared the way for me all over America! 

They joined the other opposition — the Christian missionaries. There is not one 
black lie imaginable that these latter did not invent against me. They blackened 
my character from city to city, poor and friendless though I was in a foreign 
country. They tried to oust me from every house and to make every man who 
became my friend my enemy. They tried to starve me out; and I am sorry to say 
that one of my own countrymen took part against me in this. He is the leader of 
a reform party in India. This gentleman is declaring every day, "Christ has 
come to India." Is this the way Christ is to come to India? Is this the way to 
reform India? And this gentleman I knew from my childhood; he was one of 
my best friends; when I saw him — I had not met for a long time one of my 
countrymen — I was so glad, and this was the treatment I received from him. 



The day the Parliament cheered me, the day I became popular in Chicago, from 
that day his tone changed; and in an underhand way, he tried to do everything 
he could to injure me. Is that the way that Christ will come to India? Is that the 
lesson that he had learnt after sitting twenty years at the feet of Christ? Our 
great reformers declare that Christianity and Christian power are going to uplift 
the Indian people. Is that the way to do it? Surely, if that gentleman is an 
illustration, it does not look very hopeful. 

One word more: I read in the organ of the social reformers that I am called a 
Shudra and am challenged as to what right a Shudra has to become a 
Sannyasin. To which I reply: I trace my descent to one at whose feet every 
Brahmin lays flowers when he utters the words — WI — 

and whose descendants are the purest of Kshatriyas. If you believe in your 
mythology or your Pauranika scriptures, let these so-called reformers know that 
my caste, apart from other services in the past, ruled half of India for centuries. 
If my caste is left out of consideration, what will there be left of the present-day 
civilisation of India? In Bengal alone, my blood has furnished them with their 
greatest philosopher, the greatest poet, the greatest historian, the greatest 
archaeologist, the greatest religious preacher; my blood has furnished India 
with the greatest of her modern scientists. These detractors ought to have 
known a little of our own history, and to have studied our three castes, and 
learnt that the Brahmin, the Kshatriya, and the Vaishya have equal right to be 
Sannyasins: the Traivarnikas have equal right to the Vedas. This is only by the 
way. I just refer to this, but I am not at all hurt if they call me a Shudra. It will 
be a little reparation for the tyranny of my ancestors over the poor. If I am a 
Pariah, I will be all the more glad, for I am the disciple of a man, who — the 
Brahmin of Brahmins — wanted to cleanse the house of a Pariah. Of course the 
Pariah would not allow him; how could he let this Brahmin Sannyasin come 
and cleanse his house! And this man woke up in the dead of night, entered 
surreptitiously the house of this Pariah, cleansed his latrine, and with his long 
hair wiped the place, and that he did day after day in order that he might make 
himself the servant of all. I bear the feet of that man on my head; he is my hero; 
that hero's life I will try to imitate. By being the servant of all, a Hindu seeks to 
uplift himself. That is how the Hindus should uplift the masses, and not by 
looking for any foreign influence. Twenty years of occidental civilisation 
brings to my mind the illustration of the man who wants to starve his own 




friend in a foreign land, simply because this friend is popular, simply because 
he thinks that this man stands in the way of his making money. And the other is 
the illustration of what genuine, orthodox Hinduism itself will do at home. Let 
any one of our reformers bring out that life, ready to serve even a Pariah, and 
then I will sit at his feet and learn, and not before that. One ounce of practice is 
worth twenty thousand tons of big talk. 

Now I come to the reform societies in Madras. They have been very kind to 
me. They have given me very kind words, and they have pointed out, and I 
heartily agree with them, that there is a difference between the reformers of 
Bengal and those of Madras. Many of you will remember what I have very 
often told you, that Madras is in a very beautiful state just now. It has not got 
into the play of action and reaction as Bengal has done. Here there is steady 
and slow progress all through; here is growth, and not reaction. In many cases, 
end to a certain extent, there is a revival in Bengal; but in Madras it is not a 
revival, it is a growth, a natural growth. As such, I entirely agree with what the 
reformers point out as the difference between the two peoples; but there is one 
difference which they do not understand. Some of these societies, I am afraid, 
try to intimidate me to join them. That is a strange thing for them to attempt. A 
man who has met starvation face to face for fourteen years of his life, who has 
not known where he will get a meal the next day and where to sleep, cannot be 
intimidated so easily. A man, almost without clothes, who dared to live where 
the thermometer registered thirty degrees below zero, without knowing where 
the next meal was to come from, cannot be so easily intimidated in India. This 
is the first thing I will tell them — I have a little will of my own. I have my 
little experience too; and I have a message for the world which I will deliver 
without fear and without care for the future. To the reformers I will point out 
that I am a greater reformer than any one of them. They want to reform only 
little bits. I want root-and-branch reform. Where we differ is in the method. 
Theirs is the method of destruction, mine is that of construction. I do not 
believe in reform; I believe in growth. I do not dare to put myself in the 
position of God and dictate to our society, "This way thou shouldst move and 
not that." I simply want to be like the squirrel in the building of Rama's bridge, 
who was quite content to put on the bridge his little quota of sand-dust. That is 
my position. This wonderful national machine has worked through ages, this 
wonderful river of national life is flowing before us. Who knows, and who 



dares to say whether it is good and how it shall move? Thousands of 
circumstances are crowding round it, giving it a special impulse, making it dull 
at one time and quicker at another. Who dares command its motion? Ours is 
only to work, as the Gita says, without looking for results. Feed the national 
life with the fuel it wants, but the growth is its own; none can dictate its growth 
to it. Evils are plentiful in our society, but so are there evils in every other 
society. Here the earth is soaked sometimes with widows' tears; there in the 
West, the air is rent with the sighs of the unmarried. Here poverty is the great 
bane of life; there the life- weariness of luxury is the great bane that is upon the 
race. Here men want to commit suicide because they have nothing to eat; there 
they commit suicide because they have so much to eat. Evil is everywhere; it is 
like chronic rheumatism. Drive it from the foot, it goes to the head; drive it 
from there, it goes somewhere else. It is a question of chasing it from place to 
place; that is all. Ay, children, to try to remedy evil is not the true way. Our 
philosophy teaches that evil and good are eternally conjoined, the obverse and 
the reverse of the same coin. If you have one, you must have the other; a wave 
in the ocean must be at the cost of a hollow elsewhere. Nay, all life is evil. No 
breath can be breathed without killing some one else; not a morsel of food can 
be eaten without depriving some one of it. This is the law; this is philosophy. 
Therefore the only thing we can do is to understand that all this work against 
evil is more subjective than objective. The work against evil is more 
educational than actual, however big we may talk. This, first of all, is the idea 
of work against evil; and it ought to make us calmer, it ought to take fanaticism 
out of our blood. The history of the world teaches us that wherever there have 
been fanatical reforms, the only result has been that they have defeated their 
own ends. No greater upheaval for the establishment of right and liberty can be 
imagined than the war for the abolition of slavery in America. You all know 
about it. And what has been its results? The slaves are a hundred times worse 
off today than they were before the abolition. Before the abolition, these poor 
negroes were the property of somebody, and, as properties, they had to be 
looked after, so that they might not deteriorate. Today they are the property of 
nobody. Their lives are of no value; they are burnt alive on mere presences. 
They are shot down without any law for their murderers; for they are niggers, 
they are not human beings, they are not even animals; and that is the effect of 
such violent taking away of evil by law or by fanaticism. Such is the testimony 
of history against every fanatical movement, even for doing good. I have seen 



that. My own experience has taught me that. Therefore I cannot join any one of 
these condemning societies. Why condemn? There are evils in every society; 
everybody knows it. Every child of today knows it; he can stand upon a 
platform and give us a harangue on the awful evils in Hindu Society. Every 
uneducated foreigner who comes here globe-trotting takes a vanishing railway 
view of India and lectures most learnedly on the awful evils in India. We admit 
that there are evils. Everybody can show what evil is, but he is the friend of 
mankind who finds a way out of the difficulty. Like the drowning boy and the 
philosopher — when the philosopher was lecturing him, the boy cried, "Take 
me out of the water first" — so our people cry: "We have had lectures enough, 
societies enough, papers enough; where is the man who will lend us a hand to 
drag us out? Where is the man who really loves us? Where is the man who has 
sympathy for us?" Ay, that man is wanted. That is where I differ entirely from 
these reform movements. For a hundred years they have been here. What good 
has been done except the creation of a most vituperative, a most condemnatory 
literature? Would to God it was not here! They have criticised, condemned, 
abused the orthodox, until the orthodox have caught their tone and paid them 
back in their own coin; and the result is the creation of a literature in every 
vernacular which is the shame of the race, the shame of the country. Is this 
reform? Is this leading the nation to glory? Whose fault is this? 

There is, then, another great consideration. Here in India, we have always been 
governed by kings; kings have made all our laws. Now the kings are gone, and 
there is no one left to make a move. The government dare not; it has to fashion 
its ways according to the growth of public opinion. It takes time, quite a long 
time, to make a healthy, strong, public opinion which will solve its own 
problems; and in the interim we shall have to wait. The whole problem of 
social reform, therefore, resolves itself into this: where are those who want 
reform? Make them first. Where are the people? The tyranny of a minority is 
the worst tyranny that the world ever sees. A few men who think that certain 
things are evil will not make a nation move. Why does not the nation move? 
First educate the nation, create your legislative body, and then the law will be 
forthcoming. First create the power, the sanction from which the law will 
spring. The kings are gone; where is the new sanction, the new power of the 
people? Bring it up. Therefore, even for social reform, the first duty is to 
educate the people, and you will have to wait till that time comes. Most of the 



reforms that have been agitated for during the past century have been 
ornamental. Every one of these reforms only touches the first two castes, and 
no other. The question of widow marriage would not touch seventy per cent of 
the Indian women, and all such questions only reach the higher castes of Indian 
people who are educated, mark you, at the expense of the masses. Every effort 
has been spent in cleaning their own houses. But that is no reformation. You 
must go down to the basis of the thing, to the very root of the matter. That is 
what I call radical reform. Put the fire there and let it burn upwards and make 
an Indian nation. And the solution of the problem is not so easy, as it is a big 
and a vast one. Be not in a hurry, this problem has been known several hundred 
years. 

Today it is the fashion to talk of Buddhism and Buddhistic agnosticism, 
especially in the South. Little do they dream that this degradation which is with 
us today has been left by Buddhism. This is the legacy which Buddhism has 
left to us. You read in books written by men who had never studied the rise and 
fall of Buddhism that the spread of Buddhism was owing to the wonderful 
ethics and the wonderful personality of Gautama Buddha. I have every respect 
and veneration for Lord Buddha, but mark my words, the spread of Buddhism 
was less owing to the doctrines and the personality of the great preacher, than 
to the temples that were built, the idols that were erected, and the gorgeous 
ceremonials that were put before the nation. Thus Buddhism progressed. The 
little fire-places in the houses in which the people poured their libations were 
not strong enough to hold their own against these gorgeous temples and 
ceremonies; but later on the whole thing degenerated. It became a mass of 
corruption of which I cannot speak before this audience; but those who want to 
know about it may see a little of it in those big temples, full of sculptures, in 
Southern India; and this is all the inheritance we have from the Buddhists. 

Then arose the great reformer Shankaracharya and his followers, and during 
these hundreds of years, since his time to the present day, there has been the 
slow bringing back of the Indian masses to the pristine purity of the Vedantic 
religion. These reformers knew full well the evils which existed, yet they did 
not condemn. They did not say, "All that you have is wrong, and you must 
throw it away." It can never be so. Today I read that my friend Dr. Barrows 
says that in three hundred years Christianity overthrew the Roman and Greek 



religious influences. That is not the word of a man who has seen Europe, and 
Greece, and Rome. The influence of Roman and Greek religion is all there, 
even in Protestant countries, only with changed names — old gods rechristened 
in a new fashion. They change their names; the goddesses become Marys and 
the gods become saints, and the ceremonials become new; even the old title of 
Pontifex Maximus is there. So, sudden changes cannot be and Shankaracharya 
knew it. So did Ramanuja. The only way left to them was slowly to bring up to 
the highest ideal the existing religion. If they had sought to apply the other 
method, they would have been hypocrites, for the very fundamental doctrine of 
their religion is evolution, the soul going towards the highest goal, through all 
these various stages and phases, which are, therefore necessary and helpful. 

And who dares condemn them? 

It has become a trite saying that idolatry is wrong, and every man swallows it at 
the present time without questioning. I once thought so, and to pay the penalty 
of that I had to learn my lesson sitting at the feet of a man who realised 
everything through idols; I allude to Ramakrishna Paramahamsa. If such 
Ramakrishna Paramahamsas are produced by idol- worship, what will you have 
— the reformer's creed or any number of idols? I want an answer. Take a 
thousand idols more if you can produce Ramakrishna Paramahamsas through 
idol worship, and may God speed you! Produce such noble natures by any 
means you can. Yet idolatry is condemned! Why? Nobody knows. Because 
some hundreds of years ago some man of Jewish blood happened to condemn 
it? That is, he happened to condemn everybody else's idols except his own. If 
God is represented in any beautiful form or any symbolic form, said the Jew, it 
is awfully bad; it is sin. But if He is represented in the form of a chest, with two 
angels sitting on each side, and a cloud hanging over it, it is the holy of holies. 
If God comes in the form of a dove, it is holy. But if He comes in the form of a 
cow, it is heathen superstition; condemn it! That is how the world goes. That is 
why the poet says, "What fools we mortals be!" How difficult it is to look 
through each other's eyes, and that is the bane of humanity. That is the basis of 
hatred and jealousy, of quarrel and of fight. Boys, moustached babies, who 
never went out of Madras, standing up and wanting to dictate laws to three 
hundred millions of people with thousands of traditions at their back! Are you 
not ashamed? Stand back from such blasphemy and learn first your lessons! 
Irreverent boys, simply because you can scrawl a few lines upon paper and get 



some fool to publish them for you, you think you are the educators of the 
world, you think you are the public opinion of India! Is it so? This I have to tell 
to the social reformers of Madras that I have the greatest respect and love for 
them. I love them for their great hearts and their love for their country, for the 
poor, for the oppressed. But what I would tell them with a brother's love is that 
their method is not right; It has been tried a hundred years and failed. Let us try 
some new method. 

Did India ever stand in want of reformers? Do you read the history of India? 
Who was Ramanuja? Who was Shankara? Who was Nanak? Who was 
Chaitanya? Who was Kabir? Who was Dadu? Who were all these great 
preachers, one following the other, a galaxy of stars of the first magnitude? Did 
not Ramanuja feel for the lower classes? Did he not try all his life to admit 
even the Pariah to his community? Did he not try to admit even Mohammedans 
to his own fold? Did not Nanak confer with Hindus and Mohammedans, and 
try to bring about a new state of things? They all tried, and their work is still 
going on. The difference is this. They had not the fanfaronade of the reformers 
of today; they had no curses on their lips as modern reformers have; their lips 
pronounced only blessings. They never condemned. They said to the people 
that the race must always grow. They looked back and they said, "O Hindus, 
what you have done is good, but, my brothers, let us do better." They did not 
say, "You have been wicked, now let us be good." They said, "You have been 
good, but let us now be better." That makes a whole world of difference. We 
must grow according to our nature. Vain is it to attempt the lines of action that 
foreign societies have engrafted upon us; it is impossible. Glory unto God, that 
it is impossible, that we cannot be twisted and tortured into the shape oil other 
nations. I do not condemn the institutions of other races; they are good for 
them, but not for us. What is meat for them may be poison for us. This is the 
first lesson to learn. With other sciences, other institutions, and other traditions 
behind them, they have got their present system. We, with our traditions, with 
thousands of years of Karma behind us, naturally can only follow our own 
bent, run in our own grooves; and that we shall have to do. 

What is my plan then? My plan is to follow the ideas of the great ancient 
Masters. I have studied their work, and it has been given unto me to discover 
the line of action they took. They were the great originators of society. They 



were the great givers of strength, and of purity, and of life. They did most 
marvellous work. We have to do most marvellous work also. Circumstances 
have become a little different, and in consequence the lines of action have to be 
changed a little, and that is all. I see that each nation, like each individual, has 
one theme in this life, which is its centre, the principal note round which every 
other note comes to form the harmony. In one nation political power is its 
vitality, as in England, artistic life in another, and so on. In India, religious life 
forms the centre, the keynote of the whole music of national life; and if any 
nation attempts to throw off its national vitality — the direction which has 
become its own through the transmission of centuries — that nation dies if it 
succeeds in the attempt. And, therefore, if you succeed in the attempt to throw 
off your religion and take up either politics, or society, or any other things as 
your centre, as the vitality of your national life, the result will be that you will 
become extinct. To prevent this you must make all and everything work 
through that vitality of your religion. Let all your nerves vibrate through the 
backbone of your religion. I have seen that I cannot preach even religion to 
Americans without showing them its practical effect on social life. I could not 
preach religion in England without showing the wonderful political changes the 
Vedanta would bring. So, in India, social reform has to be preached by showing 
how much more spiritual a life the new system will bring; and politics has to be 
preached by showing how much it will improve the one thing that the nation 
wants — its spirituality. Every man has to make his own choice; so has every 
nation. We made our choice ages ago, and we must abide by it. And, after all, it 
is not such a bad choice. Is it such a bad choice in this world to think not of 
matter but of spirit, not of man but of God? That intense faith in another world, 
that intense hatred for this world, that intense power of renunciation, that 
intense faith in God, that intense faith in the immortal soul, is in you. I 
challenge anyone to give it up. You cannot. You may try to impose upon me by 
becoming materialists, by talking materialism for a few months, but I know 
what you are; if I take you by the hand, back you come as good theists as ever 
were born. How can you change your nature? 

So every improvement in India requires first of all an upheaval in religion. 
Before flooding India with socialistic or political ideas, first deluge the land 
with spiritual ideas. The first work that demands our attention is that the most 
wonderful truths confined in our Upanishads, in our scriptures, in our Puranas 



must be brought out from the books, brought out from the monasteries, brought 
out from the forests, brought out from the possession of selected bodies of 
people, and scattered broadcast all over the land, so that these truths may run 
like fire all over the country from north to south and east to west, from the 
Himalayas to Comorin, from Sindh to the Brahmaputra. Everyone must know 
of them, because it is said, "This has first to be heard, then thought upon, and 
then meditated upon." Let the people hear first, and whoever helps in making 
the people hear about the great truths in their own scriptures cannot make for 
himself a better Karma today. Says our Vyasa, "In the Kali Yuga there is one 
Karma left. Sacrifices and tremendous Tapasyas are of no avail now. Of Karma 
one remains, and that is the Karma of giving." And of these gifts, the gift of 
spirituality and spiritual knowledge is the highest; the next gift is the gift of 
secular knowledge; the next is the gift of life; and the fourth is the gift of food. 
Look at this wonderfully charitable race; look at the amount of gifts that are 
made in this poor, poor country; look at the hospitality where a man can travel 
from the north to the south, having the best in the land, being treated always by 
everyone as if he were a friend, and where no beggar starves so long as there is 
a piece of bread anywhere! 

In this land of charity, let us take up the energy of the first charity, the diffusion 
of spiritual knowledge. And that diffusion should not be confined within the 
bounds of India; it must go out all over the world. This has been the custom. 
Those that tell you that Indian thought never went outside of India, those that 
tell you that I am the first Sannyasin who went to foreign lands to preach, do 
not know the history of their own race. Again and again this phenomenon has 
happened. Whenever the world has required it, this perennial flood of 
spirituality has overflowed and deluged the world. Gifts of political knowledge 
can be made with the blast of trumpets and the march of cohorts. Gifts of 
secular knowledge and social knowledge can be made with fire and sword. But 
spiritual knowledge can only be given in silence like the dew that falls unseen 
and unheard, yet bringing into bloom masses of roses. This has been the gift of 
India to the world again and again. Whenever there has been a great conquering 
race, bringing the nations of the world together, making roads and transit 
possible, immediately India arose and gave her quota of spiritual power to the 
sum total of the progress of the world. This happened ages before Buddha was 
born, and remnants of it are still left in China, in Asia Minor, and in the heart of 



the Malayan Archipelago. This was the case when the great Greek conqueror 
united the four corners of the then known world; then rushed out Indian 
spirituality, and the boasted civilisation of the West is but the remnant of that 
deluge. Now the same opportunity has again come; the power of England has 
linked the nations of the world together as was never done before. English 
roads and channels of communication rush from one end of the world to the 
other. Owing to English genius, the world today has been linked in such a 
fashion as has never before been done. Today trade centres have been formed 
such as have never been before in the history of mankind. And immediately, 
consciously or unconsciously, India rises up and pours forth her gifts of 
spirituality; and they will rush through these roads till they have reached the 
very ends of the world. That I went to America was not my doing or your 
doing; but the God of India who is guiding her destiny sent me, and will send 
hundreds of such to all the nations of the world. No power on earth can resist it. 
This also has to be done. You must go out to preach your religion, preach it to 
every nation under the sun, preach it to every people. This is the first thing to 
do. And after preaching spiritual knowledge, along with it will come that 
secular knowledge and every other knowledge that you want; but if you attempt 
to get the secular knowledge without religion, I tell you plainly, vain is your 
attempt in India, it will never have a hold on the people. Even the great 
Buddhistic movement was a failure, partially on account of that. 

Therefore, my friends, my plan is to start institutions in India, to train our 
young men as preachers of the truths of our scriptures in India and outside 
India. Men, men, these are wanted: everything else will be ready, but strong, 
vigorous, believing young men, sincere to the backbone, are wanted. A 
hundred such and the world becomes revolutionized. The will is stronger than 
anything else. Everything must go down before the will, for that comes from 
God and God Himself; a pure and a strong will is omnipotent. Do you not 
believe in it? Preach, preach unto the world the great truths of your religion; the 
world waits for them. For centuries people have been taught theories of 
degradation. They have been told that they are nothing. The masses have been 
told all over the world that they are not human beings. They have been so 
frightened for centuries, till they have nearly become animals. Never were they 
allowed to hear of the Atman. Let them hear of the Atman — that even the 
lowest of the low have the Atman within, which never dies and never is born 



— of Him whom the sword cannot pierce, nor the fire burn, nor the air dry — 
immortal, without beginning or end, the all-pure, omnipotent, and omnipresent 
Atman! Let them have faith in themselves, for what makes the difference 
between the Englishman and you? Let them talk their religion and duty and so 
forth. I have found the difference. The difference is here, that the Englishman 
believes in himself and you do not. He believes in his being an Englishman, 
and he can do anything. That brings out the God within him, and he can do 
anything he likes. You have been told and taught that you can do nothing, and 
nonentities you are becoming every day. What we want is strength, so believe 
in yourselves. We have become weak, and that is why occultism and mysticism 
come to us — these creepy things; there may be great truths in them, but they 
have nearly destroyed us. Make your nerves strong. What we want is muscles 
of iron and nerves of steel. We have wept long enough. No more weeping, but 
stand on your feet and be men. It is a man-making religion that we want. It is 
man-making theories that we want. It is man-making education all round that 
we want. And here is the test of truth — anything that makes you weak 
physically, intellectually, and spiritually, reject as poison; there is no life in it, 
it cannot be true. Truth is strengthening. Truth is purity, truth is all-knowledge; 
truth must be strengthening, must be enlightening, must be invigorating. These 
mysticisms, in spite of some grains of truth in them, are generally weakening. 
Believe me, I have a lifelong experience of it, and the one conclusion that I 
draw is that it is weakening. I have travelled all over India, searched almost 
every cave here, and lived in the Himalayas. I know people who lived there all 
their lives. I love my nation, I cannot see you degraded, weakened any more 
than you are now. Therefore I am bound for your sake and for truth's sake to 
cry, "Hold!" and to raise my voice against this degradation of my race. Give up 
these weakening mysticisms and be strong. Go back to your Upanishads — the 
shining, the strengthening, the bright philosophy — and part from all these 
mysterious things, all these weakening things. Take up this philosophy; the 
greatest truths are the simplest things in the world, simple as your own 
existence. The truths of the Upanishads are before you. Take them up, live up 
to them, and the salvation of India will be at hand. 

One word more and I have finished. They talk of patriotism. I believe in 
patriotism, and I also have my own ideal of patriotism. Three things are 
necessary for great achievements. First, feel from the heart. What is in the 



intellect or reason? It goes a few steps and there it stops. But through the heart 
comes inspiration. Love opens the most impossible gates; love is the gate to all 
the secrets of the universe. Feel, therefore, my would-be reformers, my would- 
be patriots! Do you feel? Do you feel that millions and millions of the 
descendants of gods and of sages have become next-door neighbours to brutes? 
Do you feel that millions are starving today, and millions have been starving 
for ages? Do you feel that ignorance has come over the land as a dark cloud? 
Does it make you restless? Does it make you sleepless? Has it gone into your 
blood, coursing through your veins, becoming consonant with your heartbeats? 
Has it made you almost mad? Are you seized with that one idea of the misery 
of ruin, and have you forgotten all about your name, your fame, your wives, 
your children, your property, even your own bodies? Have you done that? That 
is the first step to become a patriot, the very first step. I did not go to America, 
as most of you know, for the Parliament of Religions, but this demon of a 
feeling was in me and within my soul. I travelled twelve years all over India, 
finding no way to work for my countrymen, and that is why I went to America. 
Most of you know that, who knew me then. Who cared about this Parliament of 
Religions? Here was my own flesh and blood sinking every day, and who cared 
for them? This was my first step. 

You may feel, then; but instead of spending your energies in frothy talk, have 
you found any way out, any practical solution, some help instead of 
condemnation, some sweet words to soothe their miseries, to bring them out of 
this living death? 

Yet that is not all. Have you got the will to surmount mountain-high 
obstructions? If the whole world stands against you sword in hand, would you 
still dare to do what you think is right? If your wives and children are against 
you, if all your money goes, your name dies, your wealth vanishes, would you 
still stick to it? Would you still pursue it and go on steadily towards your own 
goal? As the great King Bhartrihari says, "Let the sages blame or let them 
praise; let the goddess of fortune come or let her go wherever she likes; let 
death come today, or let it come in hundreds of years; he indeed is the steady 
man who does not move one inch from the way of truth." Have you got that 
steadfastness? If you have these three things, each one of you will work 
miracles. You need not write in the newspapers, you need not go about 



lecturing; your very face will shine. If you live in a cave, your thoughts will 
permeate even through the rock walls, will go vibrating all over the world for 
hundreds of years, maybe, until they will fasten on to some brain and work out 
there. Such is the power of thought, of sincerity, and of purity of purpose. 

I am afraid I am delaying you, but one word more. This national ship, my 
countrymen, my friends, my children — this national ship has been ferrying 
millions and millions of souls across the waters of life. For scores of shining 
centuries it has been plying across this water, and through its agency, millions 
of souls have been taken to the other shore, to blessedness. But today, perhaps 
through your own fault, this boat has become a little damaged, has sprung a 
leak; and would you therefore curse it? Is it fit that you stand up and pronounce 
malediction upon it, one that has done more work than any other thing in the 
world? If there are holes in this national ship, this society of ours, we are its 
children. Let us go and stop the holes. Let us gladly do it with our hearts' 
blood; and if we cannot, then let us die. We will make a plug of our brains and 
put them into the ship, but condemn it never. Say not one harsh word against 
this society. I love it for its past greatness. I love you all because you are the 
children of gods, and because you are the children of the glorious forefathers. 
How then can I curse you! Never. All blessings be upon you! I have come to 
you, my children, to tell you all my plans. If you hear them I am ready to work 
with you. But if you will not listen to them, and even kick me out of India, I 
will come back and tell you that we are all sinking! I am come now to sit in 
your midst, and if we are to sink, let us all sink together, but never let curses 
rise to our lips. 



» 



« 



Home / Complete- Works / Volume 3 / Lectures from Colombo to Almora / 



VEDANTA IN ITS APPLICATION TO INDIAN LIFE 

There is a word which has become very common as an appellation of our race 
and our religion. The word "Hindu" requires a little explanation in connection 
with what I mean by Vedantism. This word "Hindu" was the name that the 
ancient Persians used to apply to the river Sindhu. Whenever in Sanskrit there 
is an "s", in ancient Persian it changes into "h", so that "Sindhu" became 
"Hindu"; and you are all aware how the Greeks found it hard to pronounce "h" 
and dropped it altogether, so that we became known as Indians. Now this word 
"Hindu" as applied to the inhabitants of the other side of the Indus, whatever 
might have been its meaning in ancient times has lost all its force in modern 
times; for all the people that live on this side of the Indus no longer belong to 
one religion. There are the Hindus proper, the Mohammedans, the Parsees, the 
Christians, the Buddhists, and Jains. The word "Hindu" in its literal sense ought 
to include all these; but as signifying the religion, it would not be proper to call 
all these Hindus. It is very hard, therefore, to find any common name for our 
religion, seeing that this religion is a collection, so to speak, of various 
religions, of various ideas, of various ceremonials and forms, all gathered 
together almost without a name, and without a church, and without an 
organisation. The only point where, perhaps, all our sects agree is that we all 
believe in the scriptures — the Vedas. This perhaps is certain that no man can 
have a right to be called a Hindu who does not admit the supreme authority of 
the Vedas. All these Vedas, as you are aware, are divided into two portions — 
the Karma Kanda and the Jnana Kanda. The Karma Kanda includes various 
sacrifices and ceremonials, of which the larger part has fallen into disuse in the 
present age. The Jnana Kanda, as embodying the spiritual teachings of the 
Vedas known as the Upanishads and the Vedanta, has always been cited as the 
highest authority by all our teachers, philosophers, and writers, whether dualist, 
or qualified monist, or monist. Whatever be his philosophy or sect, every one in 
India has to find his authority in the Upanishads. If he cannot, his sect would be 
heterodox. Therefore, perhaps the one name in modern times which would 
designate every Hindu throughout the land would be "Vedantist" or "Vaidika", 
as you may put it; and in that sense I always use the words "Vedantism" and 
"Vedanta". I want to make it a little clearer, for of late it has become the 



custom of most people to identify the word Vedanta with the Advaitic system 
of the Vedanta philosophy. We all know that Advaitism is only one branch of 
the various philosophic systems that have been founded on the Upanishads. 

The followers of the Vishishtadvaitic system have as much reverence for the 
Upanishads as the followers of the Advaita, and the Vishishtadvaitists claim as 
much authority for the Vedanta as the Advaitist. So do the dualists; so does 
every other sect in India. But the word Vedantist has become somewhat 
identified in the popular mind with the word Advaitist, and perhaps with some 
reason, because, although we have the Vedas for our scriptures, we have 
Smritis and Puranas — subsequent writings — to illustrate the doctrines of the 
Vedas; these of course have not the same weight as the Vedas. And the law is 
that wherever these Puranas and Smritis differ from any part of the Shruti, the 
Shruti must be followed and the Smriti rejected. Now in the expositions of the 
great Advaitic philosopher Shankara, and the school founded by him, we find 
most of the authorities cited are from the Upanishads, very rarely is an 
authority cited from the Smritis, except, perhaps, to elucidate a point which 
could hardly be found in the Shrutis. On the other hand, other schools take 
refuge more and more in the Smritis and less and less in the Shrutis; and as we 
go to the more and more dualistic sects, we find a proportionate quantity of the 
Smritis quoted, which is out of all proportion to what we should expect from a 
Vedantist. It is, perhaps, because these gave such predominance to the 
Pauranika authorities that the Advaitist came to be considered as the Vedantist 
par excellence , if I may say so. 

However it might have been, the word Vedanta must cover the whole ground of 
Indian religious life, and being part of the Vedas, by all acceptance it is the 
most ancient literature that we have; for whatever might be the idea of modern 
scholars, the Hindus are not ready to admit that parts of the Vedas were written 
at one time and parts were written at another time. They of course still hold on 
to their belief that the Vedas as a whole were produced at the same time, rather 
if I may say so, that they were never produced, but that they always existed in 
the mind of the Lord. This is what I mean by the word Vedanta, that it covers 
the ground of dualism, of qualified monism, and Advaitism in India. Perhaps 
we may even take in parts of Buddhism, and of Jainism too, if they would 
come in — for our hearts are sufficiently large. But it is they that will not come 
in, we are ready for upon severe analysis you will always find that the essence 



of Buddhism was all borrowed from the same Upanishads; even the ethics, the 
so-called great and wonderful ethics of Buddhism, were there word for word, in 
some one or other of the Upanishads; and so all the good doctrines of the Jains 
were there, minus their vagaries. In the Upanishads, also, we find the germs of 
all the subsequent development of Indian religious thought. Sometimes it has 
been urged without any ground whatsoever that there is no ideal of Bhakti in 
the Upanishads. Those that have been students of the Upanishads know that 
that is not true at all. There is enough of Bhakti in every Upanishad if you will 
only seek for it; but many of these ideas which are found so fully developed in 
later times in the Puranas and other Smritis are only in the germ in the 
Upanishads. The sketch, the skeleton, was there as it were. It was filled in in 
some of the Puranas. But there is not one full-grown Indian ideal that cannot be 
traced back to the same source — the Upanishads. Certain ludicrous attempts 
have been made by persons without much Upanishadic scholarship to trace 
Bhakti to some foreign source; but as you know, these have all been proved to 
be failures, and all that you want of Bhakti is there, even in the Samhitas, not to 
speak of the Upanishads — it is there, worship and love and all the rest of it; 
only the ideals of Bhakti are becoming higher and higher. In the Samhita 
portions, now and then, you find traces of a religion of fear and tribulation; in 
the Samhitas now and then you find a worshipper quaking before a Varuna, or 
some other god. Now and then you will find they are very much tortured by the 
idea of sin, but the Upanishads have no place for the delineation of these 
things. There is no religion of fear in the Upanishads; it is one of Love and one 
of Knowledge. 

These Upanishads are our scriptures. They have been differently explained, 
and, as I have told you already, whenever there is a difference between 
subsequent Pauranika literature and the Vedas, the Puranas must give way. But 
it is at the same time true that, as a practical result, we find ourselves ninety per 
cent Pauranika and ten per cent Vaidika — even if so much as that. And we all 
find the most contradictory usages prevailing in our midst and also religious 
opinions prevailing in our society which scarcely have any authority in the 
scriptures of the Hindus; and in many cases we read in books, and see with 
astonishment, customs of the country that neither have their authority in the 
Vedas nor in the Smritis or Puranas, but are simply local. And yet each 
ignorant villager thinks that if that little local custom dies out, he will no more 



remain a Hindu. In his mind Vedantism and these little local customs have been 
indissolubly identified. In reading the scriptures it is hard for him to understand 
that what he is doing has not the sanction of the scriptures, and that the giving 
up of them will not hurt him at all, but on the other hand will make him a better 
man. Secondly, there is the other difficulty. These scriptures of ours have been 
very vast. We read in the Mahabhashya of Patanjali, that great philological 
work, that the Sama-Veda had one thousand branches. Where are they all? 
Nobody knows. So with each of the Vedas; the major portion of these books 
have disappeared, and it is only the minor portion that remains to us. They were 
all taken charge of by particular families; and either these families died out, or 
were killed under foreign persecution, or somehow became extinct; and with 
them, that branch of the learning of the Vedas they took charge of became 
extinct also. This fact we ought to remember, as it always forms the sheet- 
anchor in the hands of those who want to preach anything new or to defend 
anything even against the Vedas. Wherever in India there is a discussion 
between local custom and the Shrutis, and whenever it is pointed out that the 
local custom is against the scriptures, the argument that is forwarded is that it is 
not, that the customs existed in the branch of the Shrutis which has become 
extinct and so has been a recognised one. In the midst of all these varying 
methods of reading and commenting on our scriptures, it is very difficult 
indeed to find the thread that runs through all of them; for we become 
convinced at once that there must be some common ground underlying all these 
varying divisions and subdivisions. There must be harmony, a common plan, 
upon which all these little bits of buildings have been constructed, some basis 
common to this apparently hopeless mass of confusion which we call our 
religion. Otherwise it could not have stood so long, it could not have endured 
so long. 

Coming to our commentators again, we find another difficulty. The Advaitic 
commentator, whenever an Advaitic text comes, preserves it just as it is; but 
the same commentator, as soon as a dualistic text presents itself, tortures it if he 
can, and brings the most queer meaning out of it. Sometimes the "Unborn" 
becomes a "goat", such are the wonderful changes effected. To suit the 
commentator, "Aja" the Unborn is explained as "Aja" a she-goat. In the same 
way, if not in a still worse fashion, the texts are handled by the dualistic 
commentator. Every dualistic text is preserved, and every text that speaks of 



non-dualistic philosophy is tortured in any fashion he likes. This Sanskrit 
language is so intricate, the Sanskrit of the Vedas is so ancient, and the Sanskrit 
philology so perfect, that any amount of discussion can be carried on for ages 
in regard to the meaning of one word. If a Pandit takes it into his head, he can 
render anybody's prattle into correct Sanskrit by force of argument and 
quotation of texts and rules. These are the difficulties in our way of 
understanding the Upanishads. It was given to me to live with a man who was 
as ardent a dualist, as ardent an Advaitist, as ardent a Bhakta, as a Jnani. And 
living with this man first put it into my head to understand the Upanishads and 
the texts of the scriptures from an independent and better basis than by blindly 
following the commentators; and in my opinion and in my researches, I came 
to the conclusion that these texts are not at all contradictory. So we need have 
no fear of text-torturing at all! The texts are beautiful, ay, they are most 
wonderful; and they are not contradictory, but wonderfully harmonious, one 
idea leading up to the other. But the one fact I found is that in all the 
Upanishads, they begin with dualistic ideas, with worship and all that, and end 
with a grand flourish of Advaitic ideas. 

Therefore I now find in the light of this man's life that the dualist and the 
Advaitist need not fight each other. Each has a place, and a great place in the 
national life. The dualist must remain, for he is as much part and parcel of the 
national religious life as the Advaitist. One cannot exist without the other; one 
is the fulfilment of the other; one is the building, the other is the top; the one 
the root, the other the fruit, and so on. Therefore any attempt to torture the texts 
of the Upanishads appears to me very ridiculous. I begin to find out that the 
language is wonderful. Apart from all its merits as the greatest philosophy, 
apart from its wonderful merit as theology, as showing the path of salvation to 
mankind, the Upanishadic literature is the most wonderful painting of sublimity 
that the world has. Here comes out in full force that individuality of the human 
mind, that introspective, intuitive Hindu mind. We have paintings of sublimity 
elsewhere in all nations, but almost without exception you will find that their 
ideal is to grasp the sublime in the muscles. Take for instance, Milton, Dante, 
Homer, or any of the Western poets. There are wonderfully sublime passages in 
them; but there it is always a grasping at infinity through the senses, the 
muscles, getting the ideal of infinite expansion, the infinite of space. We find 
the same attempts made in the Samhita portion. You know some of those 



wonderful Riks where creation is described; the very heights of expression of 
the sublime in expansion and the infinite in space are attained. But they found 
out very soon that the Infinite cannot be reached in that way, that even infinite 
space, and expansion, and infinite external nature could not express the ideas 
that were struggling to find expression in their minds, and so they fell back 
upon other explanations. The language became new in the Upanishads; it is 
almost negative, it is sometimes, chaotic, sometimes taking you beyond the 
senses, pointing out to you something which you cannot grasp, which you 
cannot sense, and at the same time you feel certain that it is there. What 
passage in the world can compare with this? — 



H d^l Mf' *n£f ^ ^1 fed! W\fc\ I 



— There the sun cannot illumine, nor the moon nor the stars, the flash of 
lightning cannot illumine the place, what to speak of this mortal fire." Again, 
where can you find a more perfect expression of the whole philosophy of the 
world, the gist of what the Hindus ever thought, the whole dream of human 
salvation, painted in language more wonderful, in figure more marvellous than 
this? 



P mm ddl'4 qti | 

m r i # ^4 sNS wtr: i 



Upon the same tree there are two birds of beautiful plumage, most friendly to 
each other, one eating the fruits, the other sitting there calm and silent without 
eating — the one on the lower branch eating sweet and bitter fruits in turn and 
becoming happy and unhappy, but the other one on the top, calm and majestic; 
he eats neither sweet nor bitter fruits, cares neither for happiness nor misery, 
immersed in his own glory. This is the picture of the human soul. Man is eating 
the sweet and bitter fruits of this life, pursuing gold, pursuing his senses, 
pursuing the vanities of life — hopelessly, madly careering he goes. In other 
places the Upanishads have compared the human soul to the charioteer, and the 
senses to the mad horses unrestrained. Such is the career of men pursuing the 
vanities of life, children dreaming golden dreams only to find that they are but 
vain, and old men chewing the cud of their past deeds, and yet not knowing 




how to get out of this network. This is the world. Yet in the life of every one 
there come golden moments; in the midst of the deepest sorrows, nay, of the 
deepest joys, there come moments when a part of the cloud that hides the 
sunlight moves away as it were, and we catch a glimpse, in spite of ourselves 
of something beyond — away, away beyond the life of the senses; away, away 
beyond its vanities, its joys, and its sorrows; away, away beyond nature, or our 
imaginations of happiness here or hereafter; away beyond all thirst for gold, or 
for fame, or for name, or for posterity. Man stops for a moment at this glimpse 
and sees the other bird calm and majestic, eating neither sweet nor bitter fruits, 
but immersed in his own glory, Self-content, Self-satisfied. As the Gita says, 






— "He whose devotion is to the Atman, he who does not want anything beyond 
Atman, he who has become satisfied in the Atman, what work is there for him 
to do?" Why should he drudge? Man catches a glimpse, then again he forgets 
and goes on eating the sweet and bitter fruits of life; perhaps after a time he 
catches another glimpse, and the lower bird goes nearer and nearer to the 
higher bird as blows after blows are received. If he be fortunate to receive hard 
knocks, then he comes nearer and nearer to his companion, the other bird, his 
life, his friend; and as he approaches him, he finds that the light from the higher 
bird is playing round his own plumage; and as he comes nearer and nearer, lo! 
the transformation is going on. The nearer and nearer he comes, he finds 
himself melting away, as it were, until he has entirely disappeared. He did not 
really exist; it was but the reflection of the other bird who was there calm and 
majestic amidst the moving leaves. It was all his glory, that upper bird's. He 
then becomes fearless, perfectly satisfied, calmly serene. In this figure, the 
Upanishads take you from the dualistic to the utmost Advaitic conception. 

Endless examples can be cited, but we have no time in this lecture to do that or 
to show the marvellous poetry of the Upanishads, the painting of the sublime, 
the grand conceptions. But one other idea I must note, that the language and the 
thought and everything come direct, they fall upon you like a sword-blade, 
strong as the blows of a hammer they come. There is no mistaking their 
meanings. Every tone of that music is firm and produces its full effect; no 
gyrations, no mad words, no intricacies in which the brain is lost. No signs of 



degradation are there — no attempts at too much allegorising, too much piling 
of adjectives after adjectives, making it more and more intricate, till the whole 
of the sense is lost, and the brain becomes giddy, and man does not know his 
way out from the maze of that literature. There was none of that yet. If it be 
human literature, it must be the production of a race which had not yet lost any 
of its national vigour. 

Strength, strength is what the Upanishads speak to me from every page. This is 
the one great thing to remember, it has been the one great lesson I have been 
taught in my life; strength, it says, strength, O man, be not weak. Are there no 
human weaknesses? — says man. There are, say the Upanishads, but will more 
weakness heal them, would you try to wash dirt with dirt? Will sin cure sin, 
weakness cure weakness? Strength, O man, strength, say the Upanishads, stand 
up and be strong. Ay, it is the only literature in the world where you find the 
word "Abhih", "fearless", used again and again; in no other scripture in the 
world is this adjective applied either to God or to man. Abhih, fearless! And in 
my mind rises from the past the vision of the great Emperor of the West, 
Alexander the Great, and I see, as it were in a picture, the great monarch 
standing on the bank of the Indus, talking to one of our Sannyasins in the 
forest; the old man he was talking to, perhaps naked, stark naked, sitting upon a 
block of stone, and the Emperor, astonished at his wisdom, tempting him with 
gold and honour to come over to Greece. And this man smiles at his gold, and 
smiles at his temptations, and refuses; and then the Emperor standing on his 
authority as an Emperor, says, "I will kill you if you do not come", and the man 
bursts into a laugh and says, "You never told such a falsehood in your life, as 
you tell just now. Who can kill me? Me you kill, Emperor of the material 
world! Never! For I am Spirit unborn and undecaying: never was I born and 
never do I die; I am the Infinite, the Omnipresent, the Omniscient; and you kill 
me, child that you are!" That is strength, that is strength! And the more I read 
the Upanishads, my friends, my countrymen, the more I weep for you, for 
therein is the great practical application. Strength, strength for us. What we 
need is strength, who will give us strength? There are thousands to weaken us, 
and of stories we have had enough. Every one of our Puranas, if you press it, 
gives out stories enough to fill three-fourths of the libraries of the world. 
Everything that can weaken us as a race we have had for the last thousand 
years. It seems as if during that period the national life had this one end in 



view, viz how to make us weaker and weaker till we have become real 
earthworms, crawling at the feet of every one who dares to put his foot on us. 
Therefore, my friends, as one of your blood, as one that lives and dies with 
you, let me tell you that we want strength, strength, and every time strength. 
And the Upanishads are the great mine of strength. Therein lies strength 
enough to invigorate the whole world; the whole world can be vivified, made 
strong, energised through them. They will call with trumpet voice upon the 
weak, the miserable, and the downtrodden of all races, all creeds, and all sects 
to stand on their feet and be free. Freedom, physical freedom, mental freedom, 
and spiritual freedom are the watchwords of the Upanishads. 

Ay, this is the one scripture in the world, of all others, that does not talk of 
salvation, but of freedom. Be free from the bonds of nature, be free from 
weakness ! And it shows to you that you have this freedom already in you. That 
is another peculiarity of its teachings. You are a Dvaitist; never mind, you have 
got to admit that by its very nature the soul is perfect; only by certain actions of 
the soul has it become contracted. Indeed, Ramanuja's theory of contraction 
and expansion is exactly what the modern evolutionists call evolution and 
atavism. The soul goes back, becomes contracted as it were, its powers become 
potential; and by good deeds and good thoughts it expands again and reveals its 
natural perfection. With the Advaitist the one difference is that he admits 
evolution in nature and not in the soul. Suppose there is a screen, and there is a 
small hole in the screen. I am a man standing behind the screen and looking at 
this grand assembly. I can see only very few faces here. Suppose the hole 
increases; as it increases, more and more of this assembly is revealed to me, 
and in full when the hole has become identified with the screen — there is 
nothing between you and me in this case. Neither you changed nor I changed; 
all the change was in the screen. You were the same from first to last; only the 
screen changed. This is the Advaitist's position with regard to evolution — 
evolution of nature and manifestation of the Self within. Not that the Self can 
by any means be made to contract. It is unchangeable, the Infinite One. It was 
covered, as it were, with a veil, the veil of Maya, and as this Maya veil 
becomes thinner and thinner, the inborn, natural glory of the soul comes out 
and becomes more manifest. This is the one great doctrine which the world is 
waiting to learn from India. Whatever they may talk, however they may try to 
boast, they will find out day after day that no society can stand without 



admitting this. Do you not find how everything is being revolutionized? Do 
you not see how it was the custom to take for granted that everything was 
wicked until it proved itself good? In education, in punishing criminals, in 
treating lunatics, in the treatment of common diseases even, that was the old 
law. What is the modern law? The modern law says, the body itself is healthy; 
it cures diseases of its own nature. Medicine can at the best but help the storing 
up of the best in the body. What says it of criminals? It takes for granted that 
however low a criminal may be, there is still the divinity within, which does 
not change, and we must treat criminals accordingly. All these things are now 
changing, and reformatories and penitentiaries are established. So with 
everything. Consciously or unconsciously that Indian idea of the divinity 
within every one is expressing itself even in other countries. And in your books 
is the explanation which other nations have to accept. The treatment of one 
man to another will be entirely revolutionized, and these old, old ideas of 
pointing to the weakness of mankind will have to go. They will have received 
their death-blow within this century. Now people may stand up and criticise us. 
I have been criticised, from one end of the world to the other, as one who 
preaches the diabolical idea that there is no sin! Very good. The descendants of 
these very men will bless me as the preacher of virtue, and not of sin. I am the 
teacher of virtue, not of sin. I glory in being the preacher of light, and not of 
darkness. 

The second great idea which the world is waiting to receive from our 
Upanishads is the solidarity of this universe. The old lines of demarcation and 
differentiation are vanishing rapidly. Electricity and steam-power are placing 
the different parts of the world in intercommunication with each other, and, as 
a result, we Hindus no longer say that every country beyond our own land is 
peopled with demons and hobgoblins, nor do the people of Christian countries 
say that India is only peopled by cannibals and savages. When we go out of our 
country, we find the same brother-man, with the same strong hand to help, with 
the same lips to say godspeed; and sometimes they are better than in the 
country in which we are born. When they come here, they find the same 
brotherhood, the same cheer, the same godspeed. Our Upanishads say that the 
cause of all misery is ignorance; and that is perfectly true when applied to 
every state of life, either social or spiritual. It is ignorance that makes us hate 
each other, it is through ignorance that we do not know and do not love each 



other. As soon as we come to know each other, love comes, must come, for are 
we not ones. Thus we find solidarity coming in spite of itself. Even in politics 
and sociology, problems that were only national twenty years ago can no more 
be solved on national grounds only. They are assuming huge proportions, 
gigantic shapes. They can only be solved when looked at in the broader light of 
international grounds. International organizations, international combinations, 
international laws are the cry of the day. That shows the solidarity. In science, 
every day they are coming to a similar broad view of matter. You speak of 
matter, the whole universe as one mass, one ocean of matter, in which you and 
I, the sun and the moon, and everything else are but the names of different little 
whirlpools and nothing more. Mentally speaking, it is one universal ocean of 
thought in which you and I are similar little whirlpools; and as spirit it moveth 
not, it changeth not. It is the One Unchangeable, Unbroken, Homogeneous 
Atman. The cry for morality is coming also, and that is to be found in our 
books. The explanation of morality, the fountain of ethics, that also the world 
wants; and that it will get here. 

What do we want in India? If foreigners want these things, we want them 
twenty times more. Because, in spite of the greatness of the Upanishads, in 
spite of our boasted ancestry of sages, compared to many other races, I must 
tell you that we are weak, very weak. First of all is our physical weakness. That 
physical weakness is the cause of at least one-third of our miseries. We are 
lazy, we cannot work; we cannot combine, we do not love each other; we are 
intensely selfish, not three of us can come together without hating each other, 
without being jealous of each other. That is the state in which we are — 
hopelessly disorganised mobs, immensely selfish, fighting each other for 
centuries as to whether a certain mark is to be put on our forehead this way or 
that way, writing volumes and volumes upon such momentous questions as to 
whether the look of a man spoils my food or not! This we have been doing for 
the past few centuries. We cannot expect anything high from a race whose 
whole brain energy has been occupied in such wonderfully beautiful problems 
and researches! And are we not ashamed of ourselves? Ay, sometimes we are; 
but though we think these things frivolous, we cannot give them up. We speak 
of many things parrot-like, but never do them; speaking and not doing has 
become a habit with us. What is the cause of that? Physical weakness. This sort 
of weak brain is not able to do anything; we must strengthen it. First of all, our 



young men must be strong. Religion will come afterwards. Be strong, my 
young friends; that is my advice to you. You will be nearer to Heaven through 
football than through the study of the Gita. These are bold words; but I have to 
say them, for I love you. I know where the shoe pinches. I have gained a little 
experience. You will understand the Gita better with your biceps, your muscles, 
a little stronger. You will understand the mighty genius and the mighty strength 
of Krishna better with a little of strong blood in you. You will understand the 
Upanishads better and the glory of the Atman when your body stands firm 
upon your feet, and you feel yourselves as men. Thus we have to apply these to 
our needs. 

People get disgusted many times at my preaching Advaitism. I do not mean to 
preach Advaitism, or Dvaitism, or any ism in the world. The only ism that we 
require now is this wonderful idea of the soul — its eternal might, its eternal 
strength, its eternal purity, and its eternal perfection. If I had a child I would 
from its very birth begin to tell it, "Thou art the Pure One". You have read in 
one of the Puranas that beautiful story of queen Madalasa, how as soon as she 
has a child she puts her baby with her own hands in the cradle, and how as the 
cradle rocks to and fro, she begins to sing, "Thou art the Pure One the 
Stainless, the Sinless, the Mighty One, the Great One." Ay, there is much in 
that. Feel that you are great and you become great. What did I get as my 
experience all over the world, is the question. They may talk about sinners — 
and if all Englishmen really believed that they were sinners, Englishmen would 
be no better than the negroes in Central Africa. God bless them that they do not 
believe it! On the other hand, the Englishman believes he is born the lord of the 
world. He believes he is great and can do anything in the world; if he wants to 
go to the sun or the moon, he believes he can; and that makes him great. If he 
had believed his priests that he was a poor miserable sinner, going to be 
barbecued through all eternity, he would not be the same Englishman that he is 
today. So I find in every nation that, in spite of priests and superstition, the 
divine within lives and asserts itself. We have lost faith. Would you believe me, 
we have less faith than the Englishman and woman — a thousand times less 
faith! These are plain words; but I say these, I cannot help it. Don't you see 
how Englishmen and women, when they catch our ideals, become mad as it 
were; and although they are the ruling class, they come to India to preach our 
own religion notwithstanding the jeers and ridicule of their own countrymen? 



How many of you could do that? And why cannot you do that? Do you not 
know it? You know more than they do; you are more wise than is good for you, 
that is your difficulty ! Simply because your blood is only like water, your brain 
is sloughing, your body is weak! You must change the body. Physical 
weakness is the cause and nothing else. You have talked of reforms, of ideals, 
and all these things for the past hundred years; but when it comes to practice, 
you are not to be found anywhere — till you have disgusted the whole world, 
and the very name of reform is a thing of ridicule! And what is the cause? Do 
you not know? You know too well. The only cause is that you are weak, weak, 
weak; your body is weak, your mind is weak, you have no faith in yourselves ! 
Centuries and centuries, a thousand years of crushing tyranny of castes and 
kings and foreigners and your own people have taken out all your strength, my 
brethren. Your backbone is broken, you are like downtrodden worms. Who will 
give you strength? Let me tell you, strength, strength is what we want. And the 
first step in getting strength is to uphold the Upanishads, and believe — "I am 
the Soul", "Me the sword cannot cut; nor weapons pierce; me the fire cannot 
burn; me the air cannot dry; I am the Omnipotent, I am the Omniscient." So 
repeat these blessed, saving words. Do not say we are weak; we can do 
anything and everything. What can we not do? Everything can be done by us; 
we all have the same glorious soul, let us believe in it. Have faith, as 
Nachiketa. At the time of his father's sacrifice, faith came unto Nachiketa; ay, I 
wish that faith would come to each of you; and every one of you would stand 
up a giant, a world-mover with a gigantic intellect — an infinite God in every 
respect. That is what I want you to become. This is the strength that you get 
from the Upanishads, this is the faith that you get from there. 

Ay, but it was only for the Sannyasin! Rahasya (esoteric)! The Upanishads 
were in the hands of the Sannyasin; he went into the forest! Shankara was a 
little kind and said even Grihasthas (householders) may study the Upanishads, 
it will do them good; it will not hurt them. But still the idea is that the 
Upanishads talked only of the forest life of the recluse. As I told you the other 
day, the only commentary, the authoritative commentary on the Vedas, has 
been made once and for all by Him who inspired the Vedas — by Krishna in 
the Gita. It is there for every one in every occupation of life. These conceptions 
of the Vedanta must come out, must remain not only in the forest, not only in 
the cave, but they must come out to work at the bar and the bench, in the pulpit, 



and in the cottage of the poor man, with the fishermen that are catching fish, 
and with the students that are studying. They call to every man, woman, and 
child whatever be their occupation, wherever they may be. And what is there to 
fear! How can the fishermen and all these carry out the ideals of the 
Upanishads? The way has been shown. It is infinite; religion is infinite, none 
can go beyond it; and whatever you do sincerely is good for you. Even the least 
thing well done brings marvellous results; therefore let every one do what little 
he can. If the fisherman thinks that he is the Spirit, he will be a better 
fisherman; if the student thinks he is the Spirit, he will be a better student. If the 
lawyer thinks that he is the Spirit, he will be a better lawyer, and so on, and the 
result will be that the castes will remain for ever. It is in the nature of society to 
form itself into groups; and what will go will be these privileges. Caste is a 
natural order; I can perform one duty in social life, and you another; you can 
govern a country, and I can mend a pair of old shoes, but that is no reason why 
you are greater than I, for can you mend my shoes? Can I govern the country? I 
am clever in mending shoes, you are clever in reading Vedas, but that is no 
reason why you should trample on my head. Why if one commits murder 
should he be praised, and if another steals an apple why should he be hanged? 
This will have to go. Caste is good. That is the only natural way of solving life. 
Men must form themselves into groups, and you cannot get rid of that. 
Wherever you go, there will be caste. But that does not mean that there should 
be these privileges. They should be knocked on the head. If you teach Vedanta 
to the fisherman, he will say, I am as good a man as you; I am a fisherman, you 
are a philosopher, but I have the same God in me as you have in you. And that 
is what we want, no privilege for any one, equal chances for all; let every one 
be taught that the divine is within, and every one will work out his own 
salvation. 

Liberty is the first condition of growth. It is wrong, a thousand times wrong, if 
any of you dares to say, "I will work out the salvation of this woman or child." 

I am asked again and again, what I think of the widow problem and what I 
think of the woman question. Let me answer once for all — am I a widow that 
you ask me that nonsense? Am I a woman that you ask me that question again 
and again? Who are you to solve women's problems? Are you the Lord God 
that you should rule over every widow and every woman? Hands off! They will 
solve their own problems. O tyrants, attempting to think that you can do 



anything for any one! Hands off! The Divine will look after all. Who are you to 
assume that you know everything? How dare you think, O blasphemers, that 
you have the right over God? For don't you know that every soul is the Soul of 
God? Mind your own Karma; a load of Karma is there in you to work out. 

Your nation may put you upon a pedestal, your society may cheer you up to the 
skies, and fools may praise you: but He sleeps not, and retribution will be sure 
to follow, here or hereafter. 

Look upon every man, woman, and every one as God. You cannot help anyone, 
you can only serve: serve the children of the Lord, serve the Lord Himself, if 
you have the privilege. If the Lord grants that you can help any one of His 
children, blessed you are; do not think too much of yourselves. Blessed you are 
that that privilege was given to you when others had it not. Do it only as a 
worship. I should see God in the poor, and it is for my salvation that I go and 
worship them. The poor and the miserable are for our salvation, so that we may 
serve the Lord, coming in the shape of the diseased, coming in the shape of the 
lunatic, the leper, and the sinner! Bold are my words; and let me repeat that it is 
the greatest privilege in our life that we are allowed to serve the Lord in all 
these shapes. Give up the idea that by ruling over others you can do any good 
to them. But you can do just as much as you can in the case of the plant; you 
can supply the growing seed with the materials for the making up of its body, 
bringing to it the earth, the water, the air, that it wants. It will take all that it 
wants by its own nature. It will assimilate and grow by its own nature. 

Bring all light into the world. Light, bring light! Let light come unto every one; 
the task will not be finished till every one has reached the Lord. Bring light to 
the poor and bring more light to the rich, for they require it more than the poor. 
Bring light to the ignorant, and more light to the educated, for the vanities of 
the education of our time are tremendous ! Thus bring light to all and leave the 
rest unto the Lord, for in the words of the same Lord "To work you have the 
right and not to the fruits thereof." "Let not your work produce results for you , 
and at the same time may you never be without work." 

May He who taught such grand ideas to our forefathers ages ago help us to get 
strength to carry into practice His commands ! 



» 



« 



Home / Complete- Works / Volume 3 / Lectures from Colombo to Almora / 



THE SAGES OF INDIA 

In speaking of the sages of India, my mind goes back to those periods of which 
history has no record, and tradition tries in vain to bring the secrets out of the 
gloom of the past. The sages of India have been almost innumerable, for what 
has the Hindu nation been doing for thousands of years except producing 
sages? I will take, therefore, the lives of a few of the most brilliant ones, the 
epoch-makers, and present them before you, that is to say, my study of them. 

In the first place, we have to understand a little about our scriptures. Two ideals 
of truth are in our scriptures; the one is, what we call the eternal, and the other 
is not so authoritative, yet binding under particular circumstances, times, and 
places. The eternal relations which deal with the nature of the soul, and of God, 
and the relations between souls and God are embodied in what we call the 
Shrutis, the Vedas. The next set of truths is what we call the Smritis, as 
embodied in the words of Manu. Yajnavalkya, and other writers and also in the 
Puranas, down to the Tantras. The second class of books and teachings is 
subordinate to the Shrutis, inasmuch as whenever any one of these contradicts 
anything in the Shrutis, the Shrutis must prevail. This is the law. The idea is 
that the framework of the destiny and goal of man has been all delineated in the 
Vedas, the details have been left to be worked out in the Smritis and Puranas. 
As for general directions, the Shrutis are enough; for spiritual life, nothing 
more can be said, nothing more can be known. All that is necessary has been 
known, all the advice that is necessary to lead the soul to perfection has been 
completed in the Shrutis; the details alone were left out, and these the Smritis 
have supplied from time to time. 

Another peculiarity is that these Shrutis have many sages as the recorders of 
the truths in them, mostly men, even some women. Very little is known of their 
personalities, the dates of their birth, and so forth, but their best thoughts, their 
best discoveries, I should say, are preserved there, embodied in the sacred 
literature of our country, the Vedas. In the Smritis, on the other hand, 
personalities are more in evidence. Startling, gigantic, impressive, world- 
moving persons stand before us, as it were, for the first time, sometimes of 



more magnitude even than their teachings. 

This is a peculiarity which we have to understand — that our religion preaches 
an Impersonal Personal God. It preaches any amount of impersonal laws plus 
any amount of personality, but the very fountain-head of our religion is in the 
Shrutis, the Vedas, which are perfectly impersonal; the persons all come in the 
Smritis and Puranas — the great Avataras, Incarnations of God, Prophets, and 
so forth. And this ought also to be observed that except our religion every other 
religion in the world depends upon the life or lives of some personal founder or 
founders. Christianity is built upon the life of Jesus Christ, Mohammedanism 
upon Mohammed, Buddhism upon Buddha, Jainism upon the Jinas, and so on. 
It naturally follows that there must be in all these religions a good deal of fight 
about what they call the historical evidences of these great personalities. If at 
any time the historical evidences about the existence of these personages in 
ancient times become weak, the whole building of the religion tumbles down 
and is broken to pieces. We escaped this fate because our religion is not based 
upon persons but on principles. That you obey your religion is not because it 
came through the authority of a sage, no, not even of an Incarnation. Krishna is 
not the authority of the Vedas, but the Vedas are the authority of Krishna 
himself. His glory is that he is the greatest preacher of the Vedas that ever 
existed. So with the other Incarnations; so with all our sages. Our first principle 
is that all that is necessary for the perfection of man and for attaining unto 
freedom is there in the Vedas. You cannot find anything new. You cannot go 
beyond a perfect unity, which is the goal of all knowledge; this has been 
already reached there, and it is impossible to go beyond the unity. Religious 
knowledge became complete when Tat Twam Asi (Thou art That) was 
discovered, and that was in the Vedas. What remained was the guidance of 
people from time to time according to different times and places, according to 
different circumstances and environments; people had to be guided along the 
old, old path, and for this these great teachers came, these great sages. Nothing 
can bear out more clearly this position than the celebrated saying of Shri 
Krishna in the Gita: "Whenever virtue subsides and irreligion prevails, I create 
Myself for the protection of the good; for the destruction of all immorality I am 
coming from time to time." This is the idea in India. 

What follows? That on the one hand, there are these eternal principles which 



stand upon their own foundations without depending on any reasoning even, 
much less on the authority of sages however great, of Incarnations however 
brilliant they may have been. We may remark that as this is the unique position 
in India, our claim is that the Vedanta only can be the universal religion, that it 
is already the existing universal religion in the world, because it teaches 
principles and not persons. No religion built upon a person can be taken up as a 
type by all the races of mankind. In our own country we find that there have 
been so many grand characters; in even a small city many persons are taken up 
as types by the different minds in that one city. How is it possible that one 
person as Mohammed or Buddha or Christ, can be taken up as the one type for 
the whole world, nay, that the whole of morality, ethics, spirituality, and 
religion can be true only from the sanction of that one person, and one person 
alone? Now, the Vedantic religion does not require any such personal 
authority. Its sanction is the eternal nature of man, its ethics are based upon the 
eternal spiritual solidarity of man, already existing, already attained and not to 
be attained. On the other hand, from the very earliest times, our sages have 
been feeling conscious of this fact that the vast majority of mankind require a 
personality. They must have a Personal God in some form or other. The very 
Buddha who declared against the existence of a Personal God had not died fifty 
years before his disciples manufactured a Personal God out of him. The 
Personal God is necessary, and at the same time we know that instead of and 
better than vain imaginations of a Personal God, which in ninety-nine cases out 
of a hundred are unworthy of human worship we have in this world, living and 
walking in our midst, living Gods, now and then. These are more worthy of 
worship than any imaginary God, any creation of our imagination, that is to 
say, any idea of God which we can form. Shri Krishna is much greater than any 
idea of God you or I can have. Buddha is a much higher idea, a more living and 
idolised idea, than the ideal you or I can conceive of in our minds; and 
therefore it is that they always command the worship of mankind even to the 
exclusion of all imaginary deities. 

This our sages knew, and, therefore, left it open to all Indian people to worship 
such great Personages, such Incarnations. Nay, the greatest of these 
Incarnations goes further: "Wherever an extraordinary spiritual power is 
manifested by external man, know that I am there, it is from Me that that 
manifestation comes." That leaves the door open for the Hindu to worship the 



Incarnations of all the countries in the world. The Hindu can worship any sage 
and any saint from any country whatsoever, and as a fact we know that we go 
and worship many times in the churches of the Christians, and many, many 
times in the Mohammedan mosques, and that is good. Why not? Ours, as I 
have said, is the universal religion. It is inclusive enough, it is broad enough to 
include all the ideals. All the ideals of religion that already exist in the world 
can be immediately included, and we can patiently wait for all the ideals that 
are to come in the future to be taken in the same fashion, embraced in the 
infinite arms of the religion of the Vedanta. 

This, more or less, is our position with regard to the great sages, the 
Incarnations of God. There are also secondary characters. We find the word 
Rishi again and again mentioned in the Vedas, and it has become a common 
word at the present time. The Rishi is the great authority. We have to 
understand that idea. The definition is that the Rishi is the Mantra-drashta, the 
seer of thought. What is the proof of religion? — this was asked in very ancient 
times. There is no proof in the senses was the declaration. 



zel 3TCTM TO] W 



"From whence words reflect back with thought without reaching the goal." 



q d^l q qt JR- I 



— "There the eyes cannot reach, neither can speech, nor the mind" — that has 
been the declaration for ages and ages. Nature outside cannot give us any 
answer as to the existence of the soul, the existence of God, the eternal life, the 
goal of man, and all that. This mind is continually changing, always in a state 
of flux; it is finite, it is broken into pieces. How can nature tell of the Infinite, 
the Unchangeable, the Unbroken, the Indivisible, the Eternal? It never can. And 
whenever mankind has striven to get an answer from dull dead matter, history 
shows how disastrous the results have been. How comes, then, the knowledge 
which the Vedas declare? It comes through being a Rishi. This knowledge is 
not in the senses; but are the senses the be-all and the end-all of the human 
being? Who dare say that the senses are the all-in-all of man? Even in our lives, 
in the life of every one of us here, there come moments of calmness, perhaps, 
when we see before us the death of one we loved, when some shock comes to 





us, or when extreme blessedness comes to us. Many other occasions there are 
when the mind, as it were, becomes calm, feels for the moment its real nature; 
and a glimpse of the Infinite beyond, where words cannot reach nor the mind 
go, is revealed to us. This happens in ordinary life, but it has to be heightened, 
practiced, perfected. Men found out ages ago that the soul is not bound or 
limited by the senses, no, not even by consciousness. We have to understand 
that this consciousness is only the name of one link in the infinite chain. Being 
is not identical with consciousness, but consciousness is only one part of Being. 
Beyond consciousness is where the bold search lies. Consciousness is bound by 
the senses. Beyond that, beyond the senses, men must go in order to arrive at 
truths of the spiritual world, and there are even now persons who succeed in 
going beyond the bounds of the senses. These are called Rishis, because they 
come face to face with spiritual truths. 

The proof, therefore, of the Vedas is just the same as the proof of this table 
before me, Pratyaksha, direct perception. This I see with the senses, and the 
truths of spirituality we also see in a superconscious state of the human soul. 
This Rishi-state is not limited by time or place, by sex or race. Vatsyayana 
boldly declares that this Rishihood is the common property of the descendants 
of the sage, of the Aryan, of the non- Aryan, of even the Mlechchha. This is the 
sageship of the Vedas, and constantly we ought to remember this ideal of 
religion in India, which I wish other nations of the world would also remember 
and learn, so that there may be less fight and less quarrel. Religion is not in 
books, nor in theories, nor in dogmas, nor in talking, not even in reasoning. It is 
being and becoming. Ay, my friends, until each one of you has become a Rishi 
and come face to face with spiritual facts, religious life has not begun for you. 
Until the superconscious opens for you, religion is mere talk, it is nothing but 
preparation. You are talking second-hand, third-hand, and here applies that 
beautiful saying of Buddha when he had a discussion with some Brahmins. 
They came discussing about the nature of Brahman, and the great sage asked, 
"Have you seen Brahman?" "No, said the Brahmin; "Or your father?" "No, 
neither has he"; "Or your grandfather?" "I don't think even he saw Him." "My 
friend, how can you discuss about a person whom your father and grandfather 
never saw, and try to put each other down?" That is what the whole world is 
doing. Let us say in the language of the Vedanta, "This Atman is not to be 
reached by too much talk, no, not even by the highest intellect, no, not even by 



the study of the Vedas themselves." 

Let us speak to all the nations of the world in the language of the Vedas: Vain 
are your fights and your quarrels; have you seen God whom you want to 
preach? If you have not seen, vain is your preaching; you do not know what 
you say; and if you have seen God, you will not quarrel, your very face will 
shine. An ancient sage of the Upanishads sent his son out to learn about 
Brahman, and the child came back, and the father asked, "what have you 
learnt?" The child replied he had learnt so many sciences. But the father said, 
"That is nothing, go back." And the son went back, and when he returned again 
the father asked the same question, and the same answer came from the child. 
Once more he had to go back. And the next time he came, his whole face was 
shining; and his father stood up and declared, "Ay, today, my child, your face 
shines like a knower of Brahman." When you have known God, your very face 
will be changed, your voice will be changed, your whole appearance will he 
changed. You will be a blessing to mankind; none will be able to resist the 
Rishi. This is the Rishihood, the ideal in our religion. The rest, all these talks 
and reasonings and philosophies and dualisms and monisms, and even the 
Vedas themselves are but preparations, secondary things. The other is primary. 
The Vedas, grammar, astronomy, etc., all these are secondary; that is supreme 
knowledge which makes us realise the Unchangeable One. Those who realised 
are the sages whom we find in the Vedas; and we understand how this Rishi is 
the name of a type, of a class, which every one of us, as true Hindus, is 
expected to become at some period of our life, and becoming which, to the 
Hindu, means salvation. Not belief in doctrines, not going to thousands of 
temples, nor bathing in all the rivers in the world, but becoming the Rishi, the 
Mantra-drashta — that is freedom, that is salvation. 

Coming down to later times, there have been great world-moving sages, great 
Incarnations of whom there have been many; and according to the Bhagavata , 
they also are infinite in number, and those that are worshipped most in India 
are Rama and Krishna. Rama, the ancient idol of the heroic ages, the 
embodiment of truth, of morality, the ideal son, the ideal husband, the ideal 
father, and above all, the ideal king, this Rama has been presented before us by 
the great sage Valmiki. No language can be purer, none chaster, none more 
beautiful and at the same time simpler than the language in which the great 



poet has depicted the life of Rama. And what to speak of Sita? You may 
exhaust the literature of the world that is past, and I may assure you that you 
will have to exhaust the literature of the world of the future, before finding 
another Sita. Sita is unique; that character was depicted once and for all. There 
may have been several Ramas, perhaps, but never more than one Sita! She is 
the very type of the true Indian woman, for all the Indian ideals of a perfected 
woman have grown out of that one life of Sita; and here she stands these 
thousands of years, commanding the worship of every man, woman, and child 
throughout the length and breadth of the land of Aryavarta. There she will 
always be, this glorious Sita, purer than purity itself, all patience, and all 
suffering. She who suffered that life of suffering without a murmur, she the 
ever-chaste and ever-pure wife, she the ideal of the people, the ideal of the 
gods, the great Sita, our national God she must always remain. And every one 
of us knows her too well to require much delineation. All our mythology may 
vanish, even our Vedas may depart, and our Sanskrit language may vanish for 
ever, but so long as there will be five Hindus living here, even if only speaking 
the most vulgar patois, there will be the story of Sita present. Mark my words: 
Sita has gone into the very vitals of our race. She is there in the blood of every 
Hindu man and woman; we are all children of Sita. Any attempt to modernise 
our women, if it tries to take our women away from that ideal of Sita, is 
immediately a failure, as we see every day. The women of India must grow and 
develop in the footprints of Sita, and that is the only way. 

The next is He who is worshipped in various forms, the favourite ideal of men 
as well as of women, the ideal of children, as well as of grown-up men. I mean 
He whom the writer of the Bhagavata was not content to call an Incarnation but 
says, "The other Incarnations were but parts of the Lord. He, Krishna, was the 
Lord Himself." And it is not strange that such adjectives are applied to him 
when we marvel at the many-sidedness of his character. He was the most 
wonderful Sannyasin, and the most wonderful householder in one; he had the 
most wonderful amount of Rajas, power, and was at the same time living in the 
midst of the most wonderful renunciation. Krishna can never he understood 
until you have studied the Gita, for he was the embodiment of his own 
teaching. Every one of these Incarnations came as a living illustration of what 
they came to preach. Krishna, the preacher of the Gita, was all his life the 
embodiment of that Song Celestial; he was the great illustration of non- 



attachment. He gives up his throne and never cares for it. He, the leader of 
India, at whose word kings come down from their thrones, never wants to be a 
king. He is the simple Krishna, ever the same Krishna who played with the 
Gopis. Ah, that most marvellous passage of his life, the most difficult to 
understand, and which none ought to attempt to understand until he has become 
perfectly chaste and pure, that most marvellous expansion of love, allegorised 
and expressed in that beautiful play at Vrindaban, which none can understand 
but he who has become mad with love, drunk deep of the cup of love ! Who can 
understand the throes of the lore of the Gopis — the very ideal of love, love 
that wants nothing, love that even does not care for heaven, love that does not 
care for anything in this world or the world to come? And here, my friends, 
through this love of the Gopis has been found the only solution of the conflict 
between the Personal and the Impersonal God. We know how the Personal God 
is the highest point of human life; we know that it is philosophical to believe in 
an Impersonal God immanent in the universe, of whom everything is but a 
manifestation. At the same time our souls hanker after something concrete, 
something which we want to grasp, at whose feet we can pour out our soul, and 
so on. The Personal God is therefore the highest conception of human nature. 
Yet reason stands aghast at such an idea. It is the same old, old question which 
you find discussed in the Brahma- Sutras, which you find Draupadi discussing 
with Yudhishthira in the forest: If there is a Personal God, all-merciful, all- 
powerful, why is the hell of an earth here, why did He create this? — He must 
be a partial God. There was no solution, and the only solution that can be found 
is what you read about the love of the Gopis. They hated every adjective that 
was applied to Krishna; they did not care to know that he was the Lord of 
creation, they did not care to know that he was almighty, they did not care to 
know that he was omnipotent, and so forth. The only thing they understood was 
that he was infinite Love, that was all. The Gopis understood Krishna only as 
the Krishna of Vrindaban. He, the leader of the hosts, the King of kings, to 
them was the shepherd, and the shepherd for ever. "I do not want wealth, nor 
many people, nor do I want learning; no, not even do I want to go to heaven. 

Let one be born again and again, but Lord, grant me this, that I may have love 
for Thee, and that for love's sake." A great landmark in the history of religion is 
here, the ideal of love for love's sake, work for work's sake, duty for duty's 
sake, and it for the first time fell from the lips of the greatest of Incarnations, 
Krishna, and for the first time in the history of humanity, upon the soil of India. 



The religions of fear and of temptations were gone for ever, and in spite of the 
fear of hell and temptation of enjoyment in heaven, came the grandest of ideals, 
love for love's sake, duty for duty's sake, work for work's sake. 

And what a love! I have told you just now that it is very difficult to understand 
the love of the Gopis. There are not wanting fools, even in the midst of us, who 
cannot understand the marvellous significance of that most marvellous of all 
episodes. There are, let me repeat, impure fools, even born of our blood, who 
try to shrink from that as if from something impure. To them I have only to say, 
first make yourselves pure; and you must remember that he who tells the 
history of the love of the Gopis is none else but Shuka Deva. The historian who 
records this marvellous love of the Gopis is one who was born pure, the 
eternally pure Shuka, the son of Vyasa. So long as there its selfishness in the 
heart, so long is love of God impossible; it is nothing but shopkeeping: "I give 
you something; O Lord, you give me something in return"; and says the Lord, 
"If you do not do this, I will take good care of you when you die. I will roast 
you all the rest of your lives, perhaps", and so on. So long as such ideas are in 
the brain, how can one understand the mad throes of the Gopis' love? "O for 
one, one kiss of those lips! One who has been kissed by Thee, his thirst for 
Thee increases for ever, all sorrows vanish, and he forgets love for everything 
else but for Thee and Thee alone." Ay, forget first the love for gold, and name 
and fame, and for this little trumpery world of ours. Then, only then, you will 
understand the love of the Gopis, too holy to be attempted without giving up 
everything, too sacred co be understood until the soul has become perfectly 
pure. People with ideas of sex, and of money, and of fame, bubbling up every 
minute in the heart, daring to criticise and understand the love of the Gopis ! 
That is the very essence of the Krishna Incarnation. Even the Gita, the great 
philosophy itself, does not compare with that madness, for in the Gita the 
disciple is taught slowly how to walk towards the goal, but here is the madness 
of enjoyment, the drunkenness of love, where disciples and teachers and 
teachings and books and all these things have become one; even the ideas of 
fear, and God, and heaven — everything has been thrown away. What remains 
is the madness of love. It is forgetfulness of everything, and the lover sees 
nothing in the world except that Krishna and Krishna alone, when the face of 
every being becomes a Krishna, when his own face looks like Krishna, when 
his own soul has become tinged with the Krishna colour. That was the great 



Krishna! 



Do not waste your time upon little details. Take up the framework, the essence 
of the life. There may be many historical discrepancies, there may be 
interpolations in the life of Krishna. All these things may be true; but, at the 
same time, there must have been a basis, a foundation for this new and 
tremendous departure. Taking the life of any other sage or prophet, we find that 
that prophet is only the evolution of what had gone before him, we find that 
that prophet is only preaching the ideas that had been scattered about his own 
country even in his own times. Great doubts may exist even as to whether that 
prophet existed or not. But here, I challenge any one to show whether these 
things, these ideals — work for work's sake, love for love's sake, duty for 
duty's sake, were not original ideas with Krishna, and as such, there must have 
been someone with whom these ideas originated. They could not have been 
borrowed from anybody else. They were not floating about in the atmosphere 
when Krishna was born. But the Lord Krishna was the first preacher of this; his 
disciple Vyasa took it up and preached it unto mankind. This is the highest idea 
to picture. The highest thing we can get out of him is Gopijanavallabha, the 
Beloved of the Gopis of Vrindaban. When that madness comes in your brain, 
when you understand the blessed Gopis, then you will understand what love is. 
When the whole world will vanish, when all other considerations will have 
died out, when you will become pure-hearted with no other aim, not even the 
search after truth, then and then alone will come to you the madness of that 
love, the strength and the power of that infinite love which the Gopis had, that 
love for love's sake. That is the goal. When you have got that, you have got 
everything. 

To come down to the lower stratum — Krishna, the preacher of the Gita. Ay, 
there is an attempt in India now which is like putting the cart before the horse. 
Many of our people think that Krishna as the lover of the Gopis is something 
rather uncanny, and the Europeans do not like it much. Dr. So-and-so does not 
like it. Certainly then, the Gopis have to go ! Without the sanction of Europeans 
how can Krishna live? He cannot! In the Mahabharata there is no mention of 
the Gopis except in one or two places, and those not very remarkable places. In 
the prayer of Draupadi there is mention of a Vrindaban life, and in the speech 
of Shishupala there is again mention of this Vrindaban. All these are 



interpolations ! What the Europeans do not want: must be thrown off. They are 
interpolations, the mention of the Gopis and of Krishna too! Well, with these 
men, steeped in commercialism, where even the ideal of religion has become 
commercial, they are all trying to go to heaven by doing something here; the 
bania wants compound interest, wants to lay by something here and enjoy it 
there. Certainly the Gopis have no place in such a system of thought. From that 
ideal lover we come down to the lower stratum of Krishna, the preacher of the 
Gita. Than the Gita no better commentary on the Vedas has been written or can 
be written. The essence of the Shrutis, or of the Upanishads, is hard to be 
understood, seeing that there are so many commentators, each one trying to 
interpret in his own way. Then the Lord Himself comes, He who is the inspirer 
of the Shrutis, to show us the meaning of them, as the preacher of the Gita, and 
today India wants nothing better, the world wants nothing better than that 
method of interpretation. It is a wonder that subsequent interpreters of the 
scriptures, even commenting upon the Gita, many times could not catch the 
meaning, many times could not catch the drift. For what do you find in the 
Gita, and what in modern commentators? One non-dualistic commentator takes 
up an Upanishad; there are so many dualistic passages, and he twists and 
tortures them into some meaning, and wants to bring them all into a meaning of 
his own. If a dualistic commentator comes, there are so many nondualistic texts 
which he begins to torture, to bring them all round to dualistic meaning. But 
you find in the Gita there is no attempt at torturing any one of them. They are 
all right, says the Lord; for slowly and gradually the human soul rises up and 
up, step after step, from the gross to the fine, from the fine to the finer, until it 
reaches the Absolute, the goal. That is what is in the Gita. Even the Karma 
Kanda is taken up, and it is shown that although it cannot give salvation direct; 
but only indirectly, yet that is also valid; images are valid indirectly; 
ceremonies, forms, everything is valid only with one condition, purity of the 
heart. For worship is valid and leads to the goal if the heart is pure and the heart 
is sincere; and all these various modes of worship are necessary, else why 
should they be there? Religions and sects are not the work of hypocrites and 
wicked people who invented all these to get a little money, as some of our 
modern men want to think. However reasonable that explanation may seem, it 
is not true, and they were not invented that way at all. They are the outcome of 
the necessity of the human soul. They are all here to satisfy the hankering and 
thirst of different classes of human minds, and you need not preach against 



them. The day when that necessity will cease, they will vanish along with the 
cessation of that necessity; and so long as that necessity remains, they must be 
there in spite of your preaching, in spite of your criticism. You may bring the 
sword or the gun into play, you may deluge the world with human blood, but so 
long as there is a necessity for idols, they must remain. These forms, and all the 
various steps in religion will remain, and we understand from the Lord Shri 
Krishna why they should. 

A rather sadder chapter of India's history comes now. In the Gita we already 
hear the distant sound of the conflicts of sects, and the Lord comes in the 
middle to harmonise them all; He, the great preacher of harmony, the greatest 
teacher of harmony, Lord Shri Krishna. He says, "In Me they are all strung like 
pearls upon a thread." We already hear the distant sounds, the murmurs of the 
conflict, and possibly there was a period of harmony and calmness, when it 
broke out anew, not only on religious grounds, but roost possibly on caste 
grounds — the fight between the two powerful factors in our community, the 
kings and the priests. And from the topmost crest of the wave that deluged 
India for nearly a thousand years, we see another glorious figure, and that was 
our Gautama Shaky amuni. You all know about his teachings and preachings. 
We worship him as God incarnate, the greatest, the boldest preacher of 
morality that the world ever saw, the greatest Karma- Yogi; as disciple of 
himself, as it were, the same Krishna came to show how to make his theories 
practical. There came once again the same voice that in the Gita preached, 
"Even the least bit done of this religion saves from great fear". "Women, or 
Vaishyas, or even Shudras, all reach the highest goal." Breaking the bondages 
of all, the chains of all, declaring liberty to all to reach the highest goal, come 
the words of the Gita, rolls like thunder the mighty voice of Krishna: "Even in 
this life they have conquered relativity, whose minds are firmly fixed upon the 
sameness, for God is pure and the same to all, therefore such are said to be 
living in God." "Thus seeing the same Lord equally present everywhere, the 
sage does not injure the Self by the self, and thus reaches the highest goal." As 
it were to give a living example of this preaching, as it were to make at least 
one part of it practical, the preacher himself came in another form, and this was 
Shakyamuni, the preacher to the poor and the miserable, he who rejected even 
the language of the gods to speak in the language of the people, so that he 
might reach the hearts of the people, he who gave up a throne to live with 



beggars, and the poor, and the downcast, he who pressed the Pariah to his 
breast like a second Rama. 

You all know about his great work, his grand character. But the work had one 
great defect, and for that we are suffering even today. No blame attaches to the 
Lord. He is pure and glorious, but unfortunately such high ideals could not be 
well assimilated by the different uncivilised and uncultured races of mankind 
who flocked within the fold of the Aryans. These races, with varieties of 
superstition and hideous worship, rushed within the fold of the Aryans and for 
a time appeared as if they had become civilised, but before a century had 
passed they brought out their snakes, their ghosts, and all the other things their 
ancestors used to worship, and thus the whole of India became one degraded 
mass of superstition. The earlier Buddhists in their rage against the killing of 
animals had denounced the sacrifices of the Vedas; and these sacrifices used to 
be held in every house. There was a fire burning, and that was all the 
paraphernalia of worship. These sacrifices were obliterated, and in their place 
came gorgeous temples, gorgeous ceremonies, and gorgeous priests, and all 
that you see in India in modern times. I smile when I read books written by 
some modern people who ought to have known better, that the Buddha was the 
destroyer of Brahminical idolatry. Little do they know that Buddhism created 
Brahminism and idolatry in India. 

There was a book written a year or two ago by a Russian gentleman, who 
claimed to have found out a very curious life of Jesus Christ, and in one part of 
the book he says that Christ went to the temple of Jagannath to study with the 
Brahmins, but became disgusted with their exclusiveness and their idols, and so 
he went to the Lamas of Tibet instead, became perfect, and went home. To any 
man who knows anything about Indian history, that very statement proves that 
the whole thing was a fraud, because the temple of Jagannath is an old 
Buddhistic temple. We took this and others over and re-Hinduised them. We 
shall have to do many things like that yet. That is Jagannath, and there was not 
one Brahmin there then, and yet we are told that Jesus Christ came to study 
with the Brahmins there. So says our great Russian archaeologist. 

Thus, in spite of the preaching of mercy to animals, in spite of the sublime 
ethical religion, in spite of the hairsplitting discussions about the existence or 



non-existence of a permanent soul, the whole building of Buddhism tumbled 
down piecemeal; and the ruin was simply hideous. I have neither the time nor 
the inclination to describe to you the hideousness that came in the wake of 
Buddhism. The most hideous ceremonies, the most horrible, the most obscene 
books that human hands ever wrote or the human brain ever conceived, the 
most bestial forms that ever passed under the name of religion, have all been 
the creation of degraded Buddhism. 

But India has to live, and the spirit of the Lords descended again. He who 
declared, "I will come whenever virtue subsides", came again, and this time the 
manifestation was in the South, and up rose that young Brahmin of whom it has 
been declared that at the age of sixteen he had completed all his writings; the 
marvellous boy Shankaracharya arose. The writings of this boy of sixteen are 
the wonders of the modern world, and so was the boy. He wanted to bring back 
the Indian world to its pristine purity, but think of the amount of the task before 
him. I have told you a few points about the state of things that existed in India. 
All these horrors that you are trying to reform are the outcome of that reign of 
degradation. The Tartars and the Baluchis and all the hideous races of mankind 
came to India and became Buddhists, and assimilated with us, and brought their 
national customs, and the whole of our national life became a huge page of the 
most horrible and the most bestial customs. That was the inheritance which that 
boy got from the Buddhists, and from that time to this, the whole work in India 
is a reconquest of this Buddhistic degradation by the Vedanta. It is still going 
on, it is not yet finished. Shankara came, a great philosopher, and showed that 
the real essence of Buddhism and that of the Vedanta are not very different, but 
that the disciples did not understand the Master and have degraded themselves, 
denied the existence of the soul and of God, and have become atheists. That 
was what Shankara showed, and all the Buddhists began to come back to the 
old religion. But then they had become accustomed to all these forms; what 
could be done? 

Then came the brilliant Ramanuja. Shankara, with his great intellect, I am 
afraid, had not as great a heart. Ramanuja's heart was greater. He felt for the 
downtrodden, he sympathised with them. He took up the ceremonies, the 
accretions that had gathered, made them pure so far as they could be, and 
instituted new ceremonies, new methods of worship, for the people who 



absolutely required them. At the same time he opened the door to the highest; 
spiritual worship from the Brahmin to the Pariah. That was Ramanuja's work. 
That work rolled on, invaded the North, was taken up by some great leaders 
there; but that was much later, during the Mohammedan rule; and the brightest 
of these prophets of comparatively modern times in the North was Chaitanya. 

You may mark one characteristic since the time of Ramanuja — the opening of 
the door of spirituality to every one. That has been the watchword of all 
prophets succeeding Ramanuja, as it had been the watchword of all the 
prophets before Shankara. I do not know why Shankara should be represented 
as rather exclusive; I do not find anything in his writings which is exclusive. As 
in the case of the declarations of the Lord Buddha, this exclusiveness that has 
been attributed to Shankara's teachings is most possibly not due to his 
teachings, but to the incapacity of his disciples. This one great Northern sage, 
Chaitanya, represented the mad love of the Gopis. Himself a Brahmin, born of 
one of the most rationalistic families of the day, himself a professor of logic 
fighting and gaining a word- victory — for, this he had learnt from his 
childhood as the highest ideal of life and yet through the mercy of some sage 
the whole life of that man became changed; he gave up his fight, his quarrels, 
his professorship of logic and became one of the greatest teachers of Bhakti the 
world has ever known — mad Chaitanya. His Bhakti rolled over the whole land 
of Bengal, bringing solace to every one. His love knew no bounds. The saint or 
the sinner, the Hindu or the Mohammedan, the pure or the impure, the 
prostitute, the streetwalker — all had a share in his love, all had a share in his 
mercy: and even to the present day, although greatly degenerated, as everything 
does become in time, his sect is the refuge of the poor, of the downtrodden, of 
the outcast, of the weak, of those who have been rejected by all society. But at 
the same time I must remark for truth's sake that we find this: In the 
philosophic sects we find wonderful liberalisms. There is not a man who 
follows Shankara who will say that all the different sects of India are really 
different. At the same time he was a tremendous upholder of exclusiveness as 
regards caste. But with every Vaishnavite preacher we find a wonderful 
liberalism as to the teaching of caste questions, but exclusiveness as regards 
religious questions. 

The one had a great head, the other a large heart, and the time was ripe for one 



to be born, the embodiment of both this head and heart; the time was ripe for 
one to be born who in one body would have the brilliant intellect of Shankara 
and the wonderfully expansive, infinite heart of Chaitanya; one who would see 
in every sect the same spirit working, the same God; one who would see God in 
every being, one whose heart would weep for the poor, for the weak, for the 
outcast, for the downtrodden, for every one in this world, inside India or 
outside India; and at the same time whose grand brilliant intellect would 
conceive of such noble thoughts as would harmonise all conflicting sects, not 
only in India but outside of India, and bring a marvellous harmony, the 
universal religion of head and heart into existence. Such a man was born, and I 
had the good fortune to sit at his feet for years. The time was ripe, it was 
necessary that such a man should be born, and he came; and the most 
wonderful part of it was that his life's work was just near a city which was full 
of Western thought, a city which had run mad after these occidental ideas, a 
city which had become more Europeanised than any other city in India. There 
he lived, without any book-learning whatsoever; this great intellect never learnt 
even to write his own name,* but the most graduates of our university found in 
him an intellectual giant. He was a strange man, this Shri Ramakrishna 
Paramahamsa. It is a long, long story, and I have no time to tell anything about 
him tonight. Let me now only mention the great Shri Ramakrishna, the 
fulfilment of the Indian sages, the sage for the time, one whose teaching is just 
now, in the present time, most beneficial. And mark the divine power working 
behind the man. The son of a poor priest, born in an out-of-the-way village, 
unknown and unthought of, today is worshipped literally by thousands in 
Europe and America, and tomorrow will be worshipped by thousands more. 
Who knows the plans of the Lord! 

Now, my brothers, if you do not see the hand, the finger of Providence, it is 
because you are blind, born blind indeed. If time comes, and another 
opportunity, I will speak to you more fully about him. Only let me say now that 
if I have told you one word of truth, it was his and his alone, and if I have told 
you many things which were not true, which were not correct, which were not 
beneficial to the human race, they were all mine, and on me is the 
responsibility. 



» 



« 



Home / Complete- Works / Volume 3 / Lectures from Colombo to Almora / 



THE WORK BEFORE US 

(. Delivered at the Triplicane Literary Society, Madras) 

The problem of life is becoming deeper and broader every day as the world 
moves on. The watchword and the essence have been preached in the days of 
yore when the Vedantic truth was first discovered, the solidarity of all life. One 
atom in this universe cannot move without dragging the whole world along 
with it. There cannot be any progress without the whole world following in the 
wake, and it is becoming every day dearer that the solution of any problem can 
never be attained on racial, or national, or narrow grounds. Every idea has to 
become broad till it covers the whole of this world, every aspiration must go on 
increasing till it has engulfed the whole of humanity, nay, the whole of life, 
within its scope. This will explain why our country for the last few centuries 
has not been what she was in the past. We find that one of the causes which led 
to this degeneration was the narrowing of our views narrowing the scope of our 
actions. 

Two curious nations there have been — sprung of the same race, but placed in 
different circumstances and environments, working put the problems of life 
each in its own particular way. I mean the ancient Hindu and the ancient Greek. 
The Indian Aryan — bounded on the north by the snow-caps of the Himalayas, 
with fresh- water rivers like rolling oceans surrounding him in the plains, with 
eternal forests which, to him, seemed to be the end of the world — turned his 
vision inward; and given the natural instinct, the superfine brain of the Aryan, 
with this sublime scenery surrounding him, the natural result was that he 
became introspective. The analysis of his own mind was the great theme of the 
Indo-Aryan. With the Greek, on the other hand, who arrived at a part of the 
earth which was more beautiful than sublime, the beautiful islands of the 
Grecian Archipelago, nature all around him generous yet simple — his mind 
naturally went outside. It wanted to analyse the external world. And as a result 
we find that from India have sprung all the analytical sciences, and from 
Greece all the sciences of generalization. The Hindu mind went on in its own 
direction and produced the most marvellous results. Even at the present day, 
the logical capacity of the Hindus, and the tremendous power which the Indian 



brain still possesses, is beyond compare. We all know that our boys pitched 
against the boys of any other country triumph always. At the same time when 
the national vigour went, perhaps one or two centuries before the 
Mohammedan conquest of India, this national faculty became so much 
exaggerated that it degraded itself, and we find some of this degradation in 
everything in India, in art, in music, in sciences, in everything. In art, no more 
was there a broad conception, no more the symmetry of form and sublimity of 
conception, but the tremendous attempt at the ornate and florid style had arisen. 
The originality of the race seemed to have been lost. In music no more were 
there the soul- stirring ideas of the ancient Sanskrit music, no more did each 
note stand, as it were, on its own feet, and produce the marvellous harmony, 
but each note had lost its individuality. The whole of modern music is a jumble 
of notes, a confused mass of curves. That is a sign of degradation in music. So, 
if you analyse your idealistic conceptions, you will find the same attempt at 
ornate figures, and loss of originality. And even in religion, your special field, 
there came the most horrible degradations. What can you expect of a race 
which for hundreds of years has been busy in discussing such momentous 
problems as whether we should drink a glass of water with the right hand or the 
left? What more degradation can there be than that the greatest minds of a 
country have been discussing about the kitchen for several hundreds of years, 
discussing whether I may touch you or you touch me, and what is the penance 
for this touching! The themes of the Vedanta, the sublimest and the most 
glorious conceptions of God and soul ever preached on earth, were half-lost, 
buried in the forests, preserved by a few Sannyasins, while the rest of the 
nation discussed the momentous questions of touching each other, and dress, 
and food. The Mohammedan conquest gave us many good things, no doubt; 
even the lowest man in the world can teach something to the highest; at the 
same time it could not bring vigour into the race. Then for good or evil, the 
English conquest of India took place. Of course every conquest is bad, for 
conquest is an evil, foreign government is an evil, no doubt; but even through 
evil comes good sometimes, and the great good of the English conquest is this: 
England, nay the whole of Europe, has to thank Greece for its civilization. It is 
Greece that speaks through everything in Europe. Every building, every piece 
of furniture has the impress of Greece upon it; European science and art are 
nothing but Grecian. Today the ancient Greek is meeting the ancient Hindu on 
the soil of India. Thus slowly and silently the leaven has come; the broadening, 



the life-giving and the revivalist movement that we see all around us has been 
worked out by these forces together. A broader and more generous conception 
of life is before us; and although at first we have been deluded a little and 
wanted to narrow things down, we are finding out today that these generous 
impulses which are at work, these broader conceptions of life, are the logical 
interpretation of what is in our ancient books. They are the carrying out, to the 
rigorously logical effect, of the primary conceptions of our own ancestors. To 
become broad, to go out, to amalgamate, to universalist, is the end of our aims. 
And all the time we have been making ourselves smaller and smaller, and 
dissociating ourselves, contrary to the plans laid down our scriptures. 

Several dangers are in the way, and one is that of the extreme conception that 
we are the people in the world. With all my love for India, and with all my 
patriotism and veneration for the ancients, I cannot but think that we have to 
learn many things from other nations. We must be always ready to sit at the 
feet of all, for, mark you, every one can teach us great lessons. Says our great 
law-giver, Manu: "Receive some good knowledge even from the low-born, and 
even from the man of lowest birth learn by service the road to heaven." We, 
therefore, as true children of Manu, must obey his commands and be ready to 
learn the lessons of this life or the life hereafter from any one who can teach us. 
At the same time we must not forget that we have also to teach a great lesson to 
the world. We cannot do without the world outside India; it was our foolishness 
that we thought we could, and we have paid the penalty by about a thousand 
years of slavery. That we did not go out to compare things with other nations, 
did not mark the workings that have been all around us, has been the one great 
cause of this degradation of the Indian mind. We have paid the penalty; let us 
do it no more. All such foolish ideas that Indians must not go out of India are 
childish. They must be knocked on the head; the more you go out and travel 
among the nations of the world, the better for you and for your country. If you 
had done that for hundreds of years past, you would not be here today at the 
feet of every nation that wants to rule India. The first manifest effect of life is 
expansion. You must expand if you want to live. The moment you have ceased 
to expand, death is upon you, danger is ahead. I went to America and Europe, 
to which you so kindly allude; I have to, because that is the first sign of the 
revival of national life, expansion. This reviving national life, expanding inside, 
threw me off, and thousands will be thrown off in that way. Mark my words, it 



has got to come if this nation lives at all. This question, therefore, is the 
greatest of the signs of the revival of national life, and through this expansion 
our quota of offering to the general mass of human knowledge, our 
contribution to the general upheaval of the world, is going out to the external 
world. 

Again, this is not a new thing. Those of you who think that the Hindus have 
been always confined within the four walls of their country through all ages, 
are entirely mistaken; you have not studied the old books, you have not studied 
the history of the race aright if you think so. Each nation must give in order to 
live. When you give life, you will have life; when you receive, you must pay 
for it by giving to all others; and that we have been living for so many 
thousands of years is a fact that stares us in the face, and the solution that 
remains is that we have been always giving to the outside world, whatever the 
ignorant may think. But the gift of India is the gift of religion and philosophy, 
and wisdom and spirituality. And religion does not want cohorts to march 
before its path and clear its way. Wisdom and philosophy do not want to be 
carried on floods of blood. Wisdom and philosophy do not march upon 
bleeding human bodies, do not march with violence but come on the wings of 
peace and love, and that has always been so. Therefore we had to give. I was 
asked by a young lady in London, "What have you Hindus done? You have 
never even conquered a single nation." That is true from the point of view of 
the Englishman, the brave, the heroic, the Kshatriya — conquest is the greatest 
glory that one man can have over another. That is true from his point of view, 
but from ours it is quite the opposite. If I ask myself what has been the cause of 
India's greatness, I answer, because we have never conquered. That is our 
glory. You are hearing every day, and sometimes, I am sorry to say, from men 
who ought to know better, denunciations of our religion, because it is not at all 
a conquering religion. To my mind that is the argument why our religion is 
truer than any other religion, because it never conquered, because it never shed 
blood, because its mouth always shed on all, words of blessing, of peace, words 
of love and sympathy. It is here and here alone that the ideals of toleration were 
first preached. And it is here and here alone that toleration and sympathy have 
become practical it is theoretical in every other country, it is here and here 
alone, that the Hindu builds mosques for the Mohammedans and churches for 
the Christians. 



So, you see, our message has gone out to the world many a time, but slowly, 
silently, unperceived. It is on a par with everything in India. The one 
characteristic of Indian thought is its silence, its calmness. At the same time the 
tremendous power that is behind it is never expressed by violence. It is always 
the silent mesmerism of Indian thought. If a foreigner takes up our literature to 
study, at first it is disgusting to him; there is not the same stir, perhaps, the 
same amount of go that rouses him instantly. Compare the tragedies of Europe 
with our tragedies. The one is full of action, that rouses you for the moment, 
but when it is over there comes the reaction, and everything is gone, washed off 
as it were from your brains. Indian tragedies are like the mesmerist's power, 
quiet, silent, but as you go on studying them they fascinate you; you cannot 
move; you are bound; and whoever has dared to touch our literature has felt the 
bondage, and is there bound for ever. Like the gentle dew that falls unseen and 
unheard, and yet brings into blossom the fairest of roses, has been the 
contribution of India to the thought of the world. Silent, unperceived, yet 
omnipotent in its effect, it has revolutionised the thought of the world, yet 
nobody knows when it did so. It was once remarked to me, "How difficult it is 
to ascertain the name of any writer in India", to which I replied, "That is the 
Indian idea." Indian writers are not like modern writers who steal ninety per 
cent ot their ideas from other authors, while only ten per cent is their own, and 
they take care to write a preface in which they say, "For these ideas I am 
responsible". Those great master minds producing momentous results in the 
hearts of mankind were content to write their books without even putting their 
names, and to die quietly, leaving the books to posterity. Who knows the 
writers of our philosophy, who knows the writers of our Puranas? They all pass 
under the generic name of Vyasa, and Kapila, and so on. They have been true 
children of Shri Krishna. They have been true followers of the Gita; they 
practically carried out the great mandate, "To work you have the right, but not 
to the fruits thereof." 

Thus India is working upon the world, but one condition is necessary. Thoughts 
like merchandise can only run through channels made by somebody. Roads 
have to be made before even thought can travel from one place to another, and 
whenever in the history of the world a great conquering nation has arisen, 
linking the different parts of the world together, then has poured through these 



channels the thought of India and thus entered into the veins of every race. 
Before even the Buddhists were born, there are evidences accumulating every 
day that Indian thought penetrated the world. Before Buddhism, Vedanta had 
penetrated into China, into Persia, and the Islands of the Eastern Archipelago. 
Again when the mighty mind of the Greek had linked the different parts of the 
Eastern world together there came Indian thought; and Christianity with all its 
boasted civilisation is but a collection of little bits of Indian thought. Ours is 
the religion of which Buddhism with all its greatness is a rebel child, and of 
which Christianity is a very patchy imitation. One of these cycles has again 
arrived. There is the tremendous power of England which has linked the 
different parts of the world together. English roads no more are content like 
Roman roads to run over lands, but they have also ploughed the deep in all 
directions. From ocean to ocean run the roads of England. Every part of the 
world has been linked to every other part, and electricity plays a most 
marvellous part as the new messenger. Under all these circumstances we find 
again India reviving and ready to give her own quota to the progress and 
civilisation of the world. And that I have been forced, as it were, by nature, to 
go over and preach to America and England is the result. Every one of us ought 
to have seen that the time had arrived. Everything looks propitious, and Indian 
thought, philosophical and spiritual, roast once more go over and conquer the 
world. The problem before us, therefore, is assuming larger proportions every 
day. It is not only that we must revive our own country — that is a small 
matter; I am an imaginative man — and my idea is the conquest of the whole 
world by the Hindu race. 

There have been great conquering races in the world. We also have been great 
conquerors. The story of our conquest has been described by that noble 
Emperor of India, Asoka, as the conquest of religion and of spirituality. Once 
more the world must be conquered by India. This is the dream of my life, and I 
wish that each one of you who hear me today will have the same dream in your 
minds, and stop not till you have realised the dream. They will tell you every 
day that we had better look to our own homes first and then go to work outside. 
But I will tell you in plain language that you work best when you work for 
others. The best work that you ever did for yourselves was when you worked 
for others, trying to disseminate your ideas in foreign languages beyond the 
seas, and this very meeting is proof how the attempt to enlighten other 



countries with your thoughts is helping your own country. One-fourth of the 
effect that has been produced in this country by my going to England and 
America would not have been brought about, had I confined my ideas only to 
India. This is the great ideal before us, and every one must be ready for it — 
the Conquest of the whole world by India — nothing less than that, and we 
must all get ready for it, strain every nerve for it. Let foreigners come and flood 
the land with their armies, never mind. Up, India, and conquer the world with 
your spirituality! Ay, as has been declared on this soil first, love must conquer 
hatred, hatred cannot conquer itself. Materialism and all its miseries can never 
be conquered by materialism. Armies when they attempt to conquer armies 
only multiply and make brutes of humanity. Spirituality must conquer the 
West. Slowly they are finding out that what they want is spirituality to preserve 
them as nations. They are waiting for it, they are eager for it. Where is the 
supply to come from? Where are the men ready to go out to every country in 
the world with the messages of the great sages of India? Where are the men 
who are ready to sacrifice everything, so that this message shall reach every 
corner of the world? Such heroic spurs are wanted to help the spread of truth. 
Such heroic workers are wanted to go abroad and help to disseminate the great 
truths of the Vedanta. The world wants it; without it the world will be 
destroyed. The whole of the Western world is on a volcano which may burst 
tomorrow, go to pieces tomorrow. They have searched every corner of the 
world and have found no respite. They have drunk deep of the cup of pleasure 
and found it vanity. Now is the time to work so that India's spiritual ideas may 
penetrate deep into the West. Therefore young men of Madras, I specially ask 
you to remember this. We must go out, we must conquer the world through our 
spirituality and philosophy. There is no other alternative, we must do it or die. 
The only condition of national life, of awakened and vigorous national life, is 
the conquest of the world by Indian thought. 

At the same time we must not forget that what I mean by the conquest of the 
world by spiritual thought is the sending out of the life-giving principles, not 
the hundreds of superstitions that we have been hugging to our breasts for 
centuries. These have to be weeded out even on this soil, and thrown aside, so 
that they may die for ever. These are the causes of the degradation of the race 
and will lead to softening of the brain. That brain which cannot think high and 
noble thoughts, which has lost all power of originality, which has lost all 



vigour, that brain which is always poisoning itself with all sorts of little 
superstitions passing under the name of religion, we must beware of. In our 
sight, here in India, there are several dangers. Of these, the two, Scylla and 
Charybdis, rank materialism and its opposite arrant superstition, must be 
avoided. There is the man today who after drinking the cup of Western 
wisdom, thinks that he knows everything. He laughs at the ancient sages. All 
Hindu thought to him is arrant trash — philosophy mere child's prattle, and 
religion the superstition of fools. On the other hand, there is the man educated, 
but a sort of monomaniac, who runs to the other extreme and wants to explain 
the omen of this and that. He has philosophical and metaphysical, and Lord 
knows what other puerile explanations for every superstition that belongs to his 
peculiar race, or his peculiar gods, or his peculiar village. Every little village 
superstition is to him a mandate of the Vedas, and upon the carrying out of it, 
according to him, depends the national life. You must beware of this. I would 
rather see every one of you rank atheists than superstitious fools, for the atheist 
is alive and you can make something out of him. But if superstition enters, the 
brain is gone, the brain is softening, degradation has seized upon the life. Avoid 
these two. Brave, bold men, these are what we want. What we want is vigour in 
the blood, strength in the nerves, iron muscles and nerves of steel, not softening 
namby-pamby ideas. Avoid all these. Avoid all mystery. There is no mystery in 
religion. Is there any mystery in the Vedanta, or in the Vedas, or in the 
Samhitas, or in the Puranas? What secret societies did the sages of yore 
establish to preach their religion? What sleight-of-hand tricks are there 
recorded as used by them to bring their grand truths to humanity? Mystery 
mongering and superstition are always signs of weakness. These are always 
signs of degradation and of death. Therefore beware of them; be strong, and 
stand on your own feet. Great things are there, most marvellous things. We 
may call them supernatural things so far as our ideas of nature go, but not one 
of these things is a mystery. It was never preached on this soil that the truths of 
religion were mysteries or that they were the property of secret societies sitting 
on the snow-caps of the Himalayas. I have been in the Himalayas. You have 
not been there; it is several hundreds of miles from your homes. I am a 
Sannyasin, and I have been for the last fourteen years on my feet. These 
mysterious societies do not exist anywhere. Do not run after these superstitions. 
Better for you and for the race that you become rank atheists, because you 
would have strength, but these are degradation and death. Shame on humanity 



that strong men should spend their time on these superstitions, spend all their 
time in inventing allegories to explain the most rotten superstitions of the 
world. Be bold; do not try to explain everything that way. The fact is that we 
have many superstitions, many bad spots and sores on our body — these have 
to be excised, cut off, and destroyed — but these do not destroy our religion, 
our national life, our spirituality. Every principle of religion is safe, and the 
sooner these black spots are purged away, the better the principles will shine, 
the more gloriously. Stick to them. 

You hear claims made by every religion as being the universal religion of the 
world. Let me tell you in the first place that perhaps there never will be such a 
thing, but if there is a religion which can lay claim to be that, it is only our 
religion and no other, because every other religion depends on some person or 
persons. All the other religions have been built round the life of what they think 
a historical man; and what they think the strength of religion is really the 
weakness, for disprove the historicity of the man and the whole fabric tumbles 
to ground. Half the lives of these great founders of religions have been broken 
into pieces, and the other half doubted very seriously. As such, every truth that 
had its sanction only in their words vanishes into air. But the truths of our 
religion, although we have persons by the score, do not depend upon them. The 
glory of Krishna is not that he was Krishna, but that he was the great teacher of 
Vedanta. If he had not been so, his name would have died out of India in the 
same way as the name of Buddha has done. Thus our allegiance is to the 
principles always, and not to the persons. Persons are but the embodiments, the 
illustrations of the principles. If the principles are there, the persons will come 
by the thousands and millions. If the principle is safe, persons like Buddha will 
be born by the hundreds and thousands. But if the principle is lost and forgotten 
and the whole of national life tries to cling round a so-called historical person, 
woe unto that religion, danger unto that religion! Ours is the only religion that 
does not depend on a person or persons; it is based upon principles. At the 
same time there is room for millions of persons. There is ample ground for 
introducing persons, but each one of them must be an illustration of the 
principles. We must not forget that. These principles of our religion are all safe, 
and it should be the life-work of everyone of us to keep then safe, and to keep 
them free from the accumulating dirt and dust of ages. It is strange that in spite 
of the degradation that seized upon the race again and again, these principles of 



the Vedanta were never tarnished. No one, however wicked, ever dared to 
throw dirt upon them. Our scriptures are the best preserved scriptures in the 
world. Compared to other books there have been no interpolations, no text- 
torturing, no destroying of the essence of the thought in them. It is there just as 
it was first, directing the human mind towards the ideal, the goal. 

You find that these texts have been commented upon by different 
commentators, preached by great teachers, and sects founded upon them; and 
you find that in these books of the Vedas there are various apparently 
contradictory ideas. There are certain texts which are entirely dualistic, others 
are entirely monistic. The dualistic commentator, knowing no better, wishes to 
knock the monistic texts on the head. Preachers and priests want to explain 
them in the dualistic meaning. The monistic commentator serves the dualistic 
texts in a similar fashion. Now this is not the fault of the Vedas. It is foolish to 
attempt to prove that the whole of the Vedas is dualistic. It is equally foolish to 
attempt to prove that the whole of the Vedas is nondualistic. They are dualistic 
and non-dualistic both. We understand them better today in the light of newer 
ideas. These are but different conceptions leading to the final conclusion that 
both dualistic and monistic conceptions are necessary for the evolution of the 
mind, and therefore the Vedas preach them. In mercy to the human race the 
Vedas show the various steps to the higher goal. Not that they are 
contradictory, vain words used by the Vedas to delude children; they are 
necessary not only for children, but for many a grown-up man. So long as we 
have a body and so long as we are deluded by the idea of our identity with the 
body, so long as we have five senses and see the external world, we must have 
a Personal God. For if we have all these ideas, we must take as the great 
Ramanuja has proved, all the ideas about God and nature and the 
individualized soul; when you take the one you have to take the whole triangle 
— we cannot avoid it. Therefore as long as you see the external world to avoid 
a Personal God and a personal soul is arrant lunacy. But there may be times in 
the lives of sages when the human mind transcends as it were its own 
limitations, man goes even beyond nature, to the realm of which the Shruti 
declares, "whence words fall back with the mind without reaching it"; "There 
the eyes cannot reach nor speech nor mind"; "We cannot say that we know it, 
we cannot say that we do not know it". There the human soul transcends all 
limitations, and then and then alone flashes into the human soul the conception 



of monism: I and the whole universe are one; I and Brahman are one. And this 
conclusion you will find has not only been reached through knowledge and 
philosophy, but parts of it through the power of love. You read in the 
Bhagavata, when Krishna disappeared and the Gopis bewailed his 
disappearance, that at last the thought of Krishna became so prominent in their 
minds that each one forgot her own body and thought she was Krishna, and 
began to decorate herself and to play as he did. We understand, therefore, that 
this identity comes even through love. There was an ancient Persian Sufi poet, 
and one of his poems says, "I came to the Beloved and beheld the door was 
closed; I knocked at the door and from inside a voice came, 'Who is there?' I 
replied, 'I am'. The door did not open. A second time I came and knocked at the 
door and the same voice asked, 'Who is there?' 'I am so-and-so.' The door did 
not open. A third time I came and the same voice asked, 'Who is there?' 'I am 
Thyself, my Love', and the door opened." 

There are, therefore, many stages, and we need not quarrel about them even if 
there have been quarrels among the ancient commentators, whom all of us 
ought to revere; for there is no limitation to knowledge, there is no omniscience 
exclusively the property of any one in ancient or modern times. If there have 
been sages and Rishis in the past, be sure that there will be many now. If there 
have been Vyasas and Valmikis and Shankaracharyas in ancient times, why 
may not each one of you become a Shankaracharya? This is another point of 
our religion that you must always remember, that in all other scriptures 
inspiration is quoted as their authority, but this inspiration is limited to a very 
few persons, and through them the truth came to the masses, and we have all to 
obey them. Truth came to Jesus of Nazareth, and we must all obey him. But the 
truth came to the Rishis of India — the Mantra-drashtas, the seers of thought 
— and will come to all Rishis in the future, not to talkers, not to book- 
swallowers, not to scholars, not to philologists, but to seers of thought. The Self 
is not to be reached by too much talking, not even by the highest intellects, not 
even by the study of the scriptures. The scriptures themselves say so. Do you 
find in any other scripture such a bold assertion as that — not even by the study 
of the Vedas will you reach the Atman? You must open your heart. Religion is 
not going to church, or putting marks on the forehead, or dressing in a peculiar 
fashion; you may paint yourselves in all the colours of the rainbow, but if the 
heart has not been opened, if you have not realised God, it is all vain. If one has 



the colour of the heart, he does not want any external colour. That is the true 
religious realisation. We must not forget that colours and all these things are 
good so far as they help; so far they are all welcome. But they are apt to 
degenerate and instead of helping they retard, and a man identifies religion 
with externalities. Going to the temple becomes tantamount to spiritual life. 
Giving something to a priest becomes tantamount to religious life. These are 
dangerous and pernicious, and should be at once checked. Our scriptures 
declare again and again that even the knowledge of the external senses is not 
religion. That is religion which makes us realise the Unchangeable One, and 
that is the religion for every one. He who realises transcendental truth, he who 
realises the Atman in his own nature, he who comes face to face with God, sees 
God alone in everything, has become a Rishi. And there is no religious life for 
you until you have become a Risili. Then alone religion begins for you, now is 
only the preparation. Then religion dawns upon you, now you are only 
undergoing intellectual gymnastics and physical tortures. 

We must, therefore, remember that our religion lays down distinctly and clearly 
that every one who wants salvation must pass through the stage of Rishihood 
— must become a Mantra-drashta, must see God. That is salvation; that is the 
law laid down by our scriptures. Then it becomes easy to look into the scripture 
with our own eyes, understand the meaning for ourselves, to analyse just what 
we want, and to understand the truth for ourselves. This is what has to be done. 
At the same time we must pay all reverence to the ancient sages for their work. 
They were great, these ancients, but we want to be greater. They did great work 
in the past, but we must do greater work than they. They had hundreds of 
Rishis in ancient India. We will have millions — we are going to have, and the 
sooner every one of you believes in this, the better for India and the better for 
the world. Whatever you believe, that you will be. If you believe yourselves to 
be sages, sages you will be tomorrow. There is nothing to obstruct you. For if 
there is one common doctrine that runs through all our apparently fighting and 
contradictory sects, it is that all glory, power, and purity are within the soul 
already; only according to Ramanuja, the soul contracts and expands at times, 
and according to Shankara, it comes under a delusion. Never mind these 
differences. All admit the truth that the power is there -potential or manifest it 
is there — and the sooner you believe that, the better for you. All power is 
within you; you can do anything and everything. Believe in that, do not believe 



that you are weak; do not believe that you are half-crazy lunatics, as most of us 
do nowadays. You can do anything and everything without even the guidance 
of any one. All popover is there. Stand up and express the divinity within you. 

» 



« 



Home / Complete- W orks / Volume 3 / Lectures from Colombo to Almora / 



THE FUTURE OF INDIA 

This is the ancient land where wisdom made its home before it went into any 
other country, the same India whose influx of spirituality is represented, as it 
were, on the material plane, by rolling rivers like oceans, where the eternal 
Himalayas, rising tier above tier with their snowcaps, look as it were into the 
very mysteries of heaven. Here is the same India whose soil has been trodden 
by the feet of the greatest sages that ever lived. Here first sprang up inquiries 
into the nature of man and into the internal world. Here first arose the doctrines 
of the immortality of the soul, the existence of a supervising God, an immanent 
God in nature and in man, and here the highest ideals of religion and 
philosophy have attained their culminating points. This is the land from 
whence, like the tidal waves, spirituality and philosophy have again and again 
rushed out and deluged the world, and this is the land from whence once more 
such tides must proceed in order to bring life and vigour into the decaying races 
of mankind. It is the same India which has withstood the shocks of centuries, of 
hundreds of foreign invasions of hundreds of upheavals of manners and 
customs. It is the same land which stands firmer than any rock in the world, 
with its undying vigour, indestructible life. Its life is of the same nature as the 
soul, without beginning and without end, immortal; and we are the children of 
such a country. 

Children of India, I am here to speak to you today about some practical things, 
and my object in reminding you about the glories of the past is simply this. 
Many times have I been told that looking into the past only degenerates and 
leads to nothing, and that we should look to the future. That is true. But out of 
the past is built the future. Look back, therefore, as far as you can, drink deep of 
the eternal fountains that are behind, and after that, look forward, march 
forward and make India brighter, greater, much higher than she ever was. Our 
ancestors were great. We must first recall that. We must learn the elements of 
our being, the blood that courses in our veins; we must have faith in that blood 
and what it did in the past; and out of that faith and consciousness of past 
greatness, we must build an India yet greater than what she has been. There 
have been periods of decay and degradation. I do not attach much importance to 



them; we all know that. Such periods have been necessary. A mighty tree 
produces a beautiful ripe fruit. That fruit falls on the ground, it decays and rots, 
and out of that decay springs the root and the future tree, perhaps mightier than 
the first one. This period of decay through which we have passed was all the 
more necessary. Out of this decay is coming the India of the future; it is 
sprouting, its first leaves are already out; and a mighty, gigantic tree, the 
Urdhvamula, is here, already beginning to appear; and it is about that that I am 
going to speak to you. 

The problems in India are more complicated, more momentous, than the 
problems in any other country. Race, religion, language, government — all 
these together make a nation The elements which compose the nations of the 
world are indeed very few, taking race after race, compared to this country. 

Here have been the Aryan, the Dravidian, the Tartar, the Turk, the Mogul, the 
European — all the nations of the world, as it were, pouring their blood into 
this land. Of languages the most wonderful conglomeration is here; of manners 
and customs there is more difference between two Indian races than between 
the European and the Eastern races. 

The one common ground that we have is our sacred tradition, our religion. That 
is the only common ground, and upon that we shall have to build. In Europe, 
political ideas form the national unity. In Asia, religious ideals form the 
national unity. The unity in religion, therefore, is absolutely necessary as the 
first condition of the future of India. There must be the recognition of one 
religion throughout the length and breadth of this land. What do I mean by one 
religion? Not in the sense of one religion as held among the Christians, or the 
Mohammedans, of the Buddhists. We know that our religion has certain 
common grounds, common to all our sects, however varying their conclusions 
may be, however different their claims may be. So there are certain common 
grounds; and within their limitation this religion of ours admits of a marvellous 
variation, an infinite amount of liberty to think and live our own lives. We all 
know that, at least those of us who have thought; and what we want is to bring 
out these lifegiving common principles of our religion, and let every man, 
woman, and child, throughout the length and breadth of this country, 
understand them, know them, and try to bring them out in their lives. This is the 
first step; and, therefore, it has to be taken. 



We see how in Asia, and especially in India, race difficulties, linguistic 
difficulties, social difficulties, national difficulties, all melt away before this 
unifying power of religion. We know that to the Indian mind there is nothing 
higher than religious ideals, that this is the keynote of Indian life, and we can 
only work in the line of least resistance. It is not only true that the ideal of 
religion is the highest ideal; in the case of India it is the only possible means of 
work; work in any other line, without first strengthening this, would be 
disastrous. Therefore the first plank in the making of a future India, the first 
step that is to be hewn out of that rock of ages, is this unification of religion. All 
of us have to be taught that we Hindus — dualists, qualified monists, or 
monists, Shaivas, Yaishnavas, or Pashupatas — to whatever denomination we 
may belong, have certain common ideas behind us, and that the time has come 
when for the well-being of ourselves, for the well-being of our race, we must 
give up all our little quarrels and differences. Be sure, these quarrels are entirely 
wrong; they are condemned by our scriptures, forbidden by our forefathers; and 
those great men from whom we claim our descent, whose blood is in our veins, 
look down with contempt on their children quarrelling about minute 
differences. 

With the giving up of quarrels all other improvements will come. When the life- 
blood is strong and pure, no disease germ can live in that body. Our life-blood 
is spirituality. If it flows clear, if it flows strong and pure and vigorous, 
everything is right; political, social, any other material defects, even the poverty 
of the land, will all be cured if that blood is pure. For if the disease germ be 
thrown out, nothing will be able to enter into the blood. To take a simile from 
modern medicine, we know that there must be two causes to produce a disease, 
some poison germ outside, and the state of the body. Until the body is in a state 
to admit the germs, until the body is degraded to a lower vitality so that the 
germs may enter and thrive and multiply, there is no power in any germ in the 
world to produce a disease in the body. In fact, millions of germs are 
continually passing through everyone's body; but so long as it is vigorous, it 
never is conscious of them. It is only when the body is weak that these germs 
take possession of it and produce disease. Just so with the national life. It is 
when the national body is weak that all sorts of disease germs, in the political 
state of the race or in its social state, in its educational or intellectual state, 
crowd into the system and produce disease. To remedy it, therefore, we must go 



to the root of this disease and cleanse the blood of all impurities. The one 
tendency will be to strengthen the man, to make the blood pure, the body 
vigorous, so that it will be able to resist and throw off all external poisons. 

We have seen that our vigour, our strength, nay, our national life is in our 
religion. I am not going to discuss now whether it is right or not, whether it is 
correct or not, whether it is beneficial or not in the long run, to have this vitality 
in religion, but for good or evil it is there; you cannot get out of it, you have it 
now and for ever, and you have to stand by it, even if you have not the same 
faith that I have in our religion. You are bound by it, and if you give it up, you 
are smashed to pieces. That is the life of our race and that must be strengthened. 
You have withstood the shocks of centuries simply because you took great care 
of it, you sacrificed everything else for it. Your forefathers underwent 
everything boldly, even death itself, but preserved their religion. Temple alter 
temple was broken down by the foreign conqueror, but no sooner had the wave 
passed than the spire of the temple rose up again. Some of these old temples of 
Southern India and those like Somnath of Gujarat will teach you volumes of 
wisdom, will give you a keener insight into the history of the race than any 
amount of books. Mark how these temples bear the marks of a hundred attacks 
and a hundred regenerations, continually destroyed and continually springing 
up out of the ruins, rejuvenated and strong as ever! That is the national mind, 
that is the national life-current. Follow it and it leads to glory. Give it up and 
you die; death will be the only result, annihilation the only effect, the moment 
you step beyond that life-current. I do not mean to say that other things are not 
necessary. I do not mean to say that political or social improvements are not 
necessary, but what I mean is this, and I want you to bear it in mind, that they 
are secondary here and that religion is primary. The Indian mind is first 
religious, then anything else. So this is to be strengthened, and how to do it? I 
will lay before you my ideas. They have been in my mind for a long time, even 
years before I left the shores of Madras for America, and that I went to America 
and England was simply for propagating those ideas. I did not care at all for the 
Parliament of Religions or anything else; it was simply an opportunity; for it 
was really those ideas of mine that took me all over the world. 

My idea is first of all to bring out the gems of spirituality that are stored up in 
our books and in the possession of a few only, hidden, as it were, in monasteries 



and in forests — to bring them out; to bring the knowledge out of them, not 
only from the hands where it is hidden, but from the still more inaccessible 
chest, the language in which it is preserved, the incrustation of centuries of 
Sanskrit words. In one word, I want to make them popular. I want to bring out 
these ideas and let them be the common property of all, of every man in India, 
whether he knows the Sanskrit language or not. The great difficulty in the way 
is the Sanskrit language — the glorious language of ours; and this difficulty 
cannot be removed until — if it is possible — the whole of our nation are good 
Sanskrit scholars. You will understand the difficulty when I tell you that I have 
been studying this language all my life, and yet every new book is new to me. 
How much more difficult would it then be for people who never had time to 
study the language thoroughly! Therefore the ideas must be taught in the 
language of the people; at the same time, Sanskrit education must go on along 
with it, because the very sound of Sanskrit words gives a prestige and a power 
and a strength to the race. The attempts of the great Ramanuja and of Chaitanya 
and of Kabir to raise the lower classes of India show that marvellous results 
were attained during the lifetime of those great prophets; yet the later failures 
have to be explained, and cause shown why the effect of their teachings stopped 
almost within a century of the passing away of these great Masters. The secret 
is here. They raised the lower classes; they had all the wish that these should 
come up, but they did not apply their energies to the spreading of the Sanskrit 
language among the masses. Even the great Buddha made one false step when 
he stopped the Sanskrit language from being studied by the masses. He wanted 
rapid and immediate results, and translated and preached in the language of the 
day, Pali. That was grand; he spoke in the language of the people, and the 
people understood him. That was great; it spread the ideas quickly and made 
them reach far and wide. But along with that, Sanskrit ought to have spread. 
Knowledge came, but the prestige was not there, culture was not there. It is 
culture that withstands shocks, not a simple mass of knowledge. You can put a 
mass of knowledge into the world, but that will not do it much good. There 
must come culture into the blood. We all know in modem times of nations 
which have masses of knowledge, but what of them? They are like tigers, they 
are like savages, because culture is not there. Knowledge is only skin-deep, as 
civilisation is, and a little scratch brings out the old savage. Such things happen; 
this is the danger. Teach the masses in the vernaculars, give them ideas; they 
will get information, but something more is necessary; give them culture. Until 



you give them that, there can be no permanence in the raised condition of the 
masses. There will be another caste created, having the advantage of the 
Sanskrit language, which will quickly get above the rest and rule them all the 
same. The only safety, I tell you men who belong to the lower castes, the only 
way to raise your condition is to study Sanskrit, and this fighting and writing 
and frothing against the higher castes is in vain, it does no good, and it creates 
fight and quarrel, and this race, unfortunately already divided, is going to be 
divided more and more. The only way to bring about the levelling of caste is to 
appropriate the culture, the education which is the strength of the higher castes. 
That done, you have what you want 

In connection with this I want to discuss one question which it has a particular 
bearing with regard to Madras. There is a theory that there was a race of 
mankind in Southern India called Dravidians, entirely differing from another 
race in Northern India called the Aryans, and that the Southern India Brahmins 
are the only Aryans that came from the North, the other men of Southern India 
belong to an entirely different caste and race to those of Southern India 
Brahmins. Now I beg your pardon, Mr. Philologist, this is entirely unfounded. 
The only proof of it is that there is a difference of language between the North 
and the South. I do not see any other difference. We are so many Northern men 
here, and I ask my European friends to pick out the Northern and Southern men 
from this assembly. Where is the difference? A little difference of language. 

But the Brahmins are a race that came here speaking the Sanskrit language! 

Well then, they took up the Dravidian language and forgot their Sanskrit. Why 
should not the other castes have done the same? Why should not all the other 
castes have come one after the other from Northern India, taken up the 
Dravidian language, and so forgotten their own? That is an argument working 
both ways. Do not believe in such silly things. There may have been a 
Dravidian people who vanished from here, and the few who remained lived in 
forests and other places. It is quite possible that the language may have been 
taken up, but all these are Aryans who came from the North. The whole of India 
is Aryan, nothing else. 

Then there is the other idea that the Shudra caste are surely the aborigines. 

What are they? They are slaves. They say history repeats itself. The Americans, 
English, Dutch, and the Portuguese got hold of the poor Africans and made 



them work hard while they lived, and their children of mixed birth were bom in 
slavery and kept in that condition for a long period. From that wonderful 
example, the mind jumps back several thousand years and fancies that the same 
thing happened here, and our archaeologist dreams of India being full of dark- 
eyed aborigines, and the bright Aryan came from — the Lord knows where. 
According to some, they came from Central Tibet, others will have it that they 
came from Central Asia. There are patriotic Englishmen who think that the 
Aryans were all red-haired. Others, according to their idea, think that they were 
all black-haired. If the writer happens to be a black-haired man, the Aryans 
were all black-haired. Of late, there was an attempt made to prove that the 
Aryans lived on the Swiss lakes. I should not be sorry if they had been all 
drowned there, theory and all. Some say now that they lived at the North Pole. 
Lord bless the Aryans and their habitations! As for the truth of these theories, 
there is not one word in our scriptures, not one, to prove that the Aryan ever 
came from anywhere outside of India, and in ancient India was included 
Afghanistan. There it ends. And the theory that the Shudra caste were all non- 
Aryans and they were a multitude, is equally illogical and equally irrational. It 
could not have been possible in those days that a few Aryans settled and lived 
there with a hundred thousand slaves at their command. These slaves would 
have eaten them up, made "chutney" of them in five minutes. The only 
explanation is to be found in the Mahabharata, which says that in the beginning 
of the Satya Yuga there was one caste, the Brahmins, and then by difference of 
occupations they went on dividing themselves into different castes, and that is 
the only true and rational explanation that has been given. And in the coming 
Satya Yuga all the other castes will have to go back to the same condition. 

The solution of the caste problem in India, therefore, assumes this form, not to 
degrade the higher castes, not to crush out the Brahmin. The Brahminhood is 
the ideal of humanity in India, as wonderfully put forward by Shankaracharya 
at the beginning of his commentary on the Gita, where he speaks about the 
reason for Krishna's coming as a preacher for the preservation of Brahminhood, 
of Brahminness. That was the great end. This Brahmin, the man of God, he who 
has known Brahman, the ideal man, the perfect man, must remain; he must not 
go. And with all the defects of the caste now, we know that we must all be 
ready to give to the Brahmins this credit, that from them have come more men 
with real Brahminness in them than from all the other castes. That is true. That 



is the credit due to them from all the other castes. We must be bold enough, 
must be brave enough to speak of their defects, but at the same time we must 
give the credit that is due to them. Remember the old English proverb, "Give 
every man his due". Therefore, my friends, it is no use fighting among the 
castes. What good will it do? It will divide us all the more, weaken us all the 
more, degrade us all the more. The days of exclusive privileges and exclusive 
claims are gone, gone for ever from the soil of India, and it is one of the great 
blessings of the British Rule in India. Even to the Mohammedan Rule we owe 
that great blessing, the destruction of exclusive privilege. That Rule was, after 
all, not all bad 

nothing is all bad, and nothing is all good. The Mohammedan conquest of India 
came as a salvation to the downtrodden, to the poor. That is why one-fifth of 
our people have become Mohammedans. It was not the sword that did it all. It 
would be the height of madness to think it was all the work of sword and fire. 
And one-fifth — one-half — of your Madras people will become Christians if 
you do not take care. Was there ever a sillier thing before in the world than 
what I saw in Malabar country? The poor Pariah is not allowed to pass through 
the same street as the high-caste man, but if he changes his name to a hodge- 
podge English name, it is all right; or to a Mohammedan name, it is all right. 
What inference would you draw except that these Malabaris are all lunatics, 
their homes so many lunatic asylums, and that they are to be treated with 
derision by every race in India until they mend their manners and know better. 
Shame upon them that such wicked and diabolical customs are allowed; their 
own children are allowed to die of starvation, but as soon as they take up some 
other religion they are well fed. There ought to be no more fight between the 
castes. 

The solution is not by bringing down the higher, but by raising the lower up to 
the level of the higher. And that is the line of work that is found in all our 
books, in spite of what you may hear from some people whose knowledge of 
their own scriptures and whose capacity to understand the mighty plans of the 
ancients are only zero. They do not understand, but those do that have brains, 
that have the intellect to grasp the whole scope of the work. They stand aside 
and follow the wonderful procession of national life through the ages. They can 
trace it step by step through all the books, ancient and modern. What is the 
plan? The ideal at one end is the Brahmin and the ideal at the other end is the 



Chandala, and the whole work is to raise the Chandala up to the Brahmin. 
Slowly and slowly you find more and more privileges granted to them. There 
are books where you read such fierce words as these: "If the Shudra hears the 
Vedas, fill his ears with molten lead, and if he remembers a line, cut his tongue 
out. If he says to the Brahmin, 'You Brahmin', cut his tongue out". This is 
diabolical old barbarism no doubt; that goes without saying; but do not blame 
the law-givers, who simply record the customs of some section of the 
community. Such devils sometimes arose among the ancients. There have been 
devils everywhere more or less in all ages. Accordingly, you will find that later 
on, this tone is modified a little, as for instance, "Do not disturb the Shudras, 
but do not teach them higher things". Then gradually we find in other Smritis, 
especially in those that have full power now, that if the Shudras imitate the 
manners and customs of the Brahmins they do well, they ought to be 
encouraged. Thus it is going on. I have no time to place before you all these 
workings, nor how they can be traced in detail; but coming to plain facts, we 
find that all the castes are to rise slowly and slowly. There are thousands of 
castes, and some are even getting admission into Brahminhood, for what 
prevents any caste from declaring they are Brahmins? Thus caste, with all its 
rigour, has been created in that manner. Let us suppose that there are castes here 
with ten thousand people in each. If these put their heads together and say, we 
will call ourselves Brahmins, nothing can stop them; I have seen it in my own 
life. Some castes become strong, and as soon as they all agree, who is to say 
nay? Because whatever it was, each caste was exclusive of the other. It did not 
meddle with others' affairs; even the several divisions of one caste did not 
meddle with the other divisions, and those powerful epoch-makers, 
Shankaracharya and others, were the great caste-makers. I cannot tell you all 
the wonderful things they fabricated, and some of you may resent what I have 
to say. But in my travels and experiences I have traced them out, and have 
arrived at most wonderful results. They would sometimes get hordes of 
Baluchis and at once make them Kshatriyas, also get hold of hordes of 
fishermen and make them Brahmins forthwith. They were all Rishis and sages, 
and we have to bow down to their memory. So, be you all Rishis and sages; that 
is the secret. More or less we shall all be Rishis. What is meant by a Rishi? The 
pure one. Be pure first, and you will have power. Simply saying, "I am a Rishi", 
will not do; but when you are a Rishi you will find that others obey you 
instinctively. Something mysterious emanates from you, which makes them 



follow you, makes them hear you, makes them unconsciously, even against 
their will, carry out your plans. That is Rishihood. 

Now as to the details, they of course have to be worked out through 
generations. But this is merely a suggestion in order to show you that these 
quarrels should cease. Especially do I regret that in Moslem times there should 
be so much dissension between the castes. This must stop. It is useless on both 
sides, especially on the side of the higher caste, the Brahmin, because the day 
for these privileges and exclusive claims is gone. The duty of every aristocracy 
is to dig its own grave, and the sooner it does so, the better. The more it delays, 
the more it will fester and the worse death it will die. It is the duty of the 
Brahmin, therefore, to work for the salvation of the rest of mankind in India. If 
he does that, and so long as he does that, he is a Brahmin, but he is no Brahmin 
when he goes about making money. You on the other hand should give help 
only to the real Brahmin who deserves it; that leads to heaven. But sometimes a 
gift to another person who does not deserve it leads to the other place, says our 
scripture. You must be on your guard about that. He only is the Brahmin who 
has no secular employment. Secular employment is not for the Brahmin but for 
the other castes. To the Brahmins I appeal, that they must work hard to raise the 
Indian people by teaching them what they know, by giving out the culture that 
they have accumulated for centuries. It is clearly the duty of the Brahmins of 
India to remember what real Brahminhood is. As Manu says, all these 
privileges and honours are given to the Brahmin, because "with him is the 
treasury of virtue". He must open that treasury and distribute its valuables to the 
world. It is true that he was the earliest preacher to the Indian races, he was the 
first to renounce everything in order to attain to the higher realisation of life 
before others could reach to the idea. It was not his fault that he marched ahead 
of the other caste. Why did not the other castes so understand and do as he did? 
Why did they sit down and be lazy, and let the Brahmins win the race? 

But it is one thing to gain an advantage, and another thing to preserve it for evil 
use. Whenever power is used for evil, it becomes diabolical; it must be used for 
good only. So this accumulated culture of ages of which the Brahmin has been 
the trustee, he must now give to the people at large, and it was because he did 
not give it to the people that the Mohammedan invasion was possible. It was 
because he did not open this treasury to the people from the beginning, that for 



a thousand years we have been trodden under the heels of every one who chose 
to come to India. It was through that we have become degraded, and the first 
task must be to break open the cells that hide the wonderful treasures which our 
common ancestors accumulated; bring them out and give them to everybody 
and the Brahmin must be the first to do it. There is an old superstition in Bengal 
that if the cobra that bites, sucks out his own poison from the patient, the man 
must survive. Well then, the Brahmin must suck out his own poison. To the non- 
Brahmin castes I say, wait, be not in a hurry. Do not seize every opportunity of 
fighting the Brahmin, because, as I have shown, you are suffering from your 
own fault. Who told you to neglect spirituality and Sanskrit learning? What 
have you been doing all this time? Why have you been indifferent? Why do you 
now fret and fume because somebody else had more brains, more energy, more 
pluck and go, than you? Instead of wasting your energies in vain discussions 
and quarrels in the newspapers, instead of fighting and quarrelling in your own 
homes — which is sinful — use all your energies in acquiring the culture which 
the Brahmin has, and the thing is done. Why do you not become Sanskrit 
scholars? Why do you not spend millions to bring Sanskrit education to all the 
castes of India? That is the question. The moment you do these things, you are 
equal to the Brahmin. That is the secret of power in India. 

Sanskrit and prestige go together in India. As soon as you have that, none dares 
say anything against you. That is the one secret; take that up. The whole 
universe, to use the ancient Advaitist's simile, is in a state of self-hypnotism. It 
is will that is the power. It is the man of strong will that throws, as it were, a 
halo round him and brings all other people to the same state of vibration as he 
has in his own mind. Such gigantic men do appear. And what is the idea? When 
a powerful individual appears, his personality infuses his thoughts into us, and 
many of us come to have the same thoughts, and thus we become powerful. 

Why is it that organizations are so powerful? Do not say organization is 
material. Why is it, to take a case in point, that forty millions of Englishmen 
rule three hundred millions of people here? What is the psychological 
explanation? These forty millions put their wills together and that means 
infinite power, and you three hundred millions have a will each separate from 
the other. Therefore to make a great future India, the whole secret lies in 
organization, accumulation of power, co-ordination of wills. 



Already before my mind rises one of the marvellous verses of the Rig- Veda 
Samhita which says, "Be thou all of one mind, be thou all of one thought, for in 
the days of yore, the gods being of one mind were enabled to receive 
oblations." That the gods can be worshipped by men is because they are of one 
mind. Being of one mind is the secret of society. And the more you go on 
fighting and quarrelling about all trivialities such as "Dravidian" and "Aryan", 
and the question of Brahmins and non-Brahmins and all that, the further you are 
off from that accumulation of energy and power which is going to make the 
future India. For mark you, the future India depends entirely upon that. That is 
the secret — accumulation of will-power, co-ordination, bringing them all, as it 
here, into one focus. Each Chinaman thinks in his own way, and a handful of 
Japanese all think in the same way, and you know the result. That is how it goes 
throughout the history of the world. You find in every case, compact little 
nations always governing and ruling huge unwieldy nations, and this is natural, 
because it is easier for the little compact nations to bring their ideas into the 
same focus, and thus they become developed. And the bigger the nation, the 
more unwieldy it is. Born, as it were, a disorganised mob, they cannot combine. 
All these dissensions must stop. 

There is yet another defect in us. Ladies, excuse me, but through centuries of 
slavery, we have become like a nation of women. You scarcely can get three 
women together for five minutes in this country or any other country, but they 
quarrel. Women make big societies in European countries, and make 
tremendous declarations of women's power and so on; then they quarrel, and 
some man comes and rules them all. All over the world they still require some 
man to rule them. We are like them. Women we are. If a woman comes to lead 
women, they all begin immediately to criticise her, tear her to pieces, and make 
her sit down. If a man comes and gives them a little harsh treatment, scolds 
them now and then, it is all right, they have been used to that sort of 
mesmerism. The whole world is full of such mesmerists and hypnotists. In the 
same way, if one of our countrymen stands up and tries to become great, we all 
try to hold him down, but if a foreigner comes and tries to kick us, it is all right. 
We have been used to it, have we not? And slaves must become great masters! 
So give up being a slave. For the next fifty years this alone shall be our keynote 
— this, our great Mother India. Let all other vain gods disappear for the time 
from our minds. This is the only god that is awake, our own race — 



"everywhere his hands, everywhere his feet, everywhere his ears, he covers 
everything." All other gods are sleeping. What vain gods shall we go after and 
yet cannot worship the god that we see all round us, the Virat? When we have 
worshipped this, we shall be able to worship all other gods. Before we can 
crawl half a mile, we want to cross the ocean like Hanuman! It cannot be. 
Everyone going to be a Yogi, everyone going to meditate! It cannot be. The 
whole day mixing with the world with Karma Kanda, and in the evening sitting 
down and blowing through your nose! Is it so easy? Should Rishis come flying 
through the air, because you have blown three times through the nose? Is it a 
joke? It is all nonsense. What is needed is Chittashuddhi, purification of the 
heart. And how does that come? The first of all worship is the worship of the 
Virat — of those all around us. Worship It. Worship is the exact equivalent of 
the Sanskrit word, and no other English word will do. These are all our gods — 
men and animals; and the first gods we have to worship are our countrymen. 
These we have to worship, instead of being jealous of each other and fighting 
each other. It is the most terrible Karma for which we are suffering, and yet it 
does not open our eyes ! 

Well, the subject is so great that I do not know where to stop, and I must bring 
my lecture to a close by placing before you in a few words the plans I want to 
carry out in Madras. We must have a hold on the spiritual and secular education 
of the nation. Do you understand that? You must dream it, you must talk it, you 
must think its and you must work it out. Till then there is no salvation for the 
race. The education that you are getting now has some good points, but it has a 
tremendous disadvantage which is so great that the good things are all weighed 
down. In the first place it is not a man-making education, it is merely and 
entirely a negative education. A negative education or any training that is based 
on negation, is worse than death. The child is taken to school, and the first thing 
he learns is that his father is a fool, the second thing that his grandfather is a 
lunatic, the third thing that all his teachers are hypocrites, the fourth that all the 
sacred books are lies! By the time he is sixteen he is a mass of negation, lifeless 
and boneless. And the result is that fifty years of such education has not 
produced one original man in the three Presidencies. Every man of originality 
that has been produced has been educated elsewhere, and not in this country, or 
they have gone to the old universities once more to cleanse themselves of 
superstitions. Education is not the amount of information that is put into your 



brain and runs riot there, undigested, all your life. We must have life-building, 
man-making, character-making assimilation of ideas. If you have assimilated 
five ideas and made them your life and character, you have more education than 
any man who has got by heart a whole library 



m\ ^pRSKHHIWTft TOT ^TT q ^ I 



— "The ass carrying its load of sandalwood knows only the weight and not the 
value of the sandalwood." If education is identical with information, the 
libraries are the greatest sages in the world, and encyclopaedias are the Rishis. 
The ideal, therefore, is that we must have the whole education of our country, 
spiritual and secular, in our own hands, and it must be on national lines, through 
national methods as far as practical. 

Of course this is a very big scheme, a very big plan. I do not know whether it 
will ever work out. But we must begin the work. But how? Take Madras, for 
instance. We must have a temple, for with Hindus religion must come first. 
Then, you may say, all sects will quarrel about it. But we will make it a non- 
sectarian temple, having only "Om" as the symbol, the greatest symbol of any 
sect. If there is any sect here which believes that "Om" ought not to be the 
symbol, it has no right to call itself Hindu. All will have the right to interpret 
Hinduism, each one according to his own sect ideas, but we must have a 
common temple. You can have your own images and symbols in other places, 
but do not quarrel here with those who differ from you. Here should be taught 
the common grounds of our different sects, and at the same time the different 
sects should have perfect liberty to come and teach their doctrines, with only 
one restriction, that is, not to quarrel with other sects. Say what you have to say, 
the world wants it; but the world has no time to hear what you think about other 
people; you can keep that to yourselves. 

Secondly, in connection with this temple there should be an institution to train 
teachers who must go about preaching religion and giving secular education to 
our people; they must carry both. As we have been already carrying religion 
from door to door, let us along with it carry secular education also. That can be 
easily done. Then the work will extend through these bands of teachers and 
preachers, and gradually we shall have similar temples in other places, until we 
have covered the whole of India. That is my plan. It may appear gigantic, but it 




is much needed. You may ask, where is the money. Money is not needed. 
Money is nothing. For the last twelve years of my life, I did not know where the 
next meal would come from; but money and everything else I want must come, 
because they are my slaves, and not I theirs; money and everything else must 
come. Must — that is the word. Where are the men? That is the question. 

Young men of Madras, my hope is in you. Will you respond to the call of your 
nation? Each one of you has a glorious future if you dare believe me. Have a 
tremendous faith in yourselves, like the faith I had when I was a child, and 
which I am working out now. Have that faith, each one of you, in yourself — 
that eternal power is lodged in every soul — and you will revive the whole of 
India. Ay, we will then go to every country under the sun, and our ideas will 
before long be a component of the many forces that are working to make up 
every nation in the world. We must enter into the life of every race in India and 
abroad; shall have to work to bring this about. Now for that, I want young men. 
"It is the young, the strong, and healthy, of sharp intellect that will reach the 
Lord", say the Vedas. This is the time to decide your future — while you 
possess the energy of youth, not when you are worn out and jaded, but in the 
freshness and vigour of youth. Work — this is the time; for the freshest, the 
untouched, and unsmelled flowers alone are to be laid at the feet of the Lord, 
and such He receives. Rouse yourselves, therefore, or life is short. There are 
greater works to be done than aspiring to become lawyers and picking quarrels 
and such things. A far greater work is this sacrifice of yourselves for the benefit 
of your race, for the welfare of humanity. What is in this life? You are Hindus, 
and there is the instinctive belief in you that life is eternal. Sometimes I have 
young men come and talk to me about atheism; I do not believe a Hindu can 
become an atheist. He may read European books, and persuade himself he is a 
materialist, but it is only for a time. It is not in your blood. You cannot believe 
what is not in your constitution; it would be a hopeless task for you. Do not 
attempt that sort of thing. I once attempted it when I was a boy, but it could not 
be. Life is short, but the soul is immortal and eternal, and one thing being 
certain, death, let us therefore take up a great ideal and give up our whole life to 
it. Let this be our determination, and may He, the Lord, who "comes again and 
again for the salvation of His own people", to quote from our scriptures — may 
the great Krishna bless us and lead us all to the fulfilment of our aims! 



» 



« 



Home / Complete- Works / Volume 3 / Lectures from Colombo to Almora / 



ON CHARITY 

During his stay in Madras the Swami presided at the annual meeting of the 
Chennapuri Annadana Samajam, an institution of a charitable nature, and in the 
course of a brief address referred to a remark by a previous speaker deprecating 
special alms-giving to the Brahmin over and above the other castes. Swamiji 
pointed out that this had its good as well as its bad side. All the culture, 
practically which the nation possessed, was among the Brahmins, and they also 
had been the thinkers of the nation. Take away the means of living which 
enabled them to be thinkers, and the nation as a whole would suffer. Speaking 
of the indiscriminate charity of India as compared with the legal charity of 
other nations, he said, the outcome of their system of relief was that the 
vagabond of India was contented to receive readily what he was given readily 
and lived a peaceful and contented life: while the vagabond in the West, 
unwilling to go to the poor-house — for man loves liberty more than food — 
turned a robber, the enemy of society, and necessitated the organisation of a 
system of magistracy, police, jails, and other establishments. Poverty there 
must be, so long as the disease known as civilisation existed: and hence the 
need for relief. So that they had to choose between the indiscriminate charity of 
India, which, in the case of Sannyasins at any rate, even if they were not 
sincere men, at least forced them to learn some little of their scriptures before 
they were able to obtain food; and the discriminate charity of Western nations 
which necessitated a costly system of poor-law relief, and in the end succeeded 
only in changing mendicants into criminals. 



» 



« 



Home / Complete- Works / Volume 3 / Lectures from Colombo to Almora / 



ADDRESS OF WELCOME PRESENTED AT CALCUTTA AND REPLY 

On his arrival in Calcutta, the Swami Vivekananda was greeted with intense 
enthusiasm, and the whole of his progress through the decorated streets of the 
city was thronged with an immense crowd waiting to have a sight of him. The 
official reception was held a week later, at the residence of the late Raja Radha 
Kanta Deb Bahadur at Sobha Bazar, when Raja Benoy Krishna Deb Bahadur 
took the chair. After a few brief introductory remarks from the Chairman, the 
following address was read and presented to him, enclosed in a silver casket: 

TO SRIMAT VIVEKANANDA SWAMI 



Dear Brother, 

We, the Hindu inhabitants of Calcutta and of several other places in Bengal, 
offer you on your return to the land of your birth a hearty welcome. We do so 
with a sense of pride as well as of gratitude, for by your noble work and 
example in various parts of the world you have done honour not only to our 
religion but also to our country and to our province in particular. 

At the great Parliament of Religions which constituted a Section of the World's 
Fair held in Chicago in 1893, you presented the principles of the Aryan 
religion. The substance of your exposition was to most of your audience a 
revelation, and its manner overpowering alike by its grace and its strength. 
Some may have received it in a questioning spirit, a few may have criticised it, 
but its general effect was a revolution in the religious ideas of a large section of 
cultivated Americans. A new light had dawned on their mind, and with their 
accustomed earnestness and love of truth they determined to take fun 
advantage of it. Your opportunities widened; your work grew. You had to meet 
call after call from many cities in many States, answer many queries, satisfy 
many doubts, solve many difficulties. You did an this work with energy, 
ability, and sincerity; and it has led to lasting results. Your teaching has deeply 
influenced many an enlightened circle in the American Commonwealth, has 
stimulated thought and research, and has in many instances definitely altered 
religious conceptions in the direction of an increased appreciation of Hindu 



ideals. The rapid growth of clubs and societies for the comparative study of 
religions and the investigation of spiritual truth is witness to your labour in the 
far West. You may be regarded as the founder of a College in London for the 
teaching of the Vedanta philosophy. Your lectures have been regularly 
delivered, punctually attended, and widely appreciated. Their influence has 
extended beyond the walls of the lecture-rooms. The love and esteem which 
have been evoked by your teaching are evidenced by the warm 
acknowledgements, in the address presented to you on the eve of your 
departure from London, by the students of the Vedanta philosophy in that town. 

Your success as a teacher has been due not only to your deep and intimate 
acquaintance with the truths of the Aryan religion and your skill in exposition 
by speech and writing, but also, and largely, to your personality. Your lectures, 
your essays, and your books have high merits, spiritual and literary, and they 
could not but produce their effect. But it has been heightened in a manner that 
defies expression by the example of your simple, sincere, self-denying life, 
your modesty, devotion, and earnestness. 

While acknowledging your services as a teacher of the sublime truths of our 
religion, we feel that we must render a tribute to the memory of your revered 
preceptor, Shri Ramakrishna Paramahamsa. To him we largely owe even you. 
With his rare magical insight he early discovered the heavenly spark in you and 
predicted for you a career which happily is now in course of realisation. He it 
was that unsealed the vision and the faculty divine with which God had blessed 
you, gave to your thoughts and aspirations the bent that was awaiting the holy 
touch, and aided your pursuits in the region of the unseen. His most precious 
legacy to posterity was yourself. 

Go on, noble soul, working steadily and valiantly in the path you have chosen. 
You have a world to conquer. You have to interpret and vindicate the religion 
of the Hindus to the ignorant, the sceptical, the wilfully blind. You have begun 
the work in a spirit which commands our admiration, and have already 
achieved a success to which many lands bear witness. But a great deal yet 
remains to be done; and our own country, or rather we should say your own 
country, waits on you. The truths of the Hindu religion have to be expounded to 
large numbers of Hindus themselves. Brace yourself then for the grand 



exertion. We have confidence in you and in the righteousness of our cause. Our 
national religion seeks to win no material triumphs. Its purposes are spiritual; 
its weapon is a truth which is hidden away from material eyes and yields only 
to the reflective reason. Call on the world, and where necessary, on Hindus 
themselves, to open the inner eye, to transcend the senses, to read rightly the 
sacred books, to face the supreme reality, and realise their position and destiny 
as men. No one is better fitted than yourself to give the awakening or make the 
call, and we can only assure you of our hearty sympathy and loyal co-operation 
in that work which is apparently your mission ordained by Heaven. 

We remain, dear brother, 
Your loving FRIENDS AND ADMIRERS. 



The Swami's reply was as follows: 

One wants to lose the individual in the universal, one renounces, flies off, and 
tries to cut himself off from all associations of the body of the past, one works 
hard to forget even that he is a man; yet, in the nears of his heart, there is a soft 
sound, one string vibrating, one whisper, which tells him, East or West, home 
is best. Citizens of the capital of this Empire, before you I stand, not as a 
Sannyasin, no, not even as a preacher, but I come before you the same Calcutta 
boy to talk to you as I used to do. Ay, I would like to sit in the dust of the 
streets of this city, and, with the freedom of childhood, open my mind to you, 
my brothers. Accept, therefore, my heartfelt thanks for this unique word that 
you have used, "Brother". Yes, I am your brother, and you are my brothers. I 
was asked by an English friend on the eve of my departure, "Swami, how do 
you like now your motherland after four years' experience of the luxurious, 
glorious, powerful West?" I could only answer, "India I loved before I came 
away. Now the very dust of India has become holy to me, the very air is now to 
me holy; it is now the holy land, the place of pilgrimage, the Tirtha." Citizens 
of Calcutta — my brothers — I cannot express my gratitude to you for the 
kindness you have shown, or rather I should not thank you at all, for you are 
my brothers, you have done only a brother's duty, ay, only a Hindu brother's 
duty; for such family ties, such relationships, such love exist nowhere beyond 
the bounds of this motherland of ours. 



The Parliament of Religions was a great affair, no doubt. From various cities of 
this land, we have thanked the gentlemen who organised the meeting, and they 
deserved all our thanks for the kindness that has been shown to us; but yet 
allow me to construe for you the history of the Parliament of Religions. They 
wanted a horse, and they wanted to ride it. There were people there who 
wanted to make it a heathen show, but it was ordained otherwise; it could not 
help being so. Most of them were kind, but we have thanked them enough. 

On the other hand, my mission in America was not to the Parliament of 
Religions. That was only something by the way, it was only an opening, an 
opportunity, and for that we are very thankful to the members of the 
Parliament; but really, our thanks are due to the great people of the United 
States, the American nation, the warm hearted, hospitable, great nation of 
America, where more than anywhere else the feeling of brotherhood has been 
developed. An American meets you for five minutes on board a train, and you 
are his friend, and the next moment he invites you as a guest to his home and 
opens the secret of his whole living there. That is the character of the American 
race, and we highly appreciate it. Their kindness to me is past all narration, it 
would take me years yet to tell you how I have been treated by them most 
kindly and most wonderfully. So are our thanks due to the other nation on the 
other side of the Atlantic. No one ever landed on English soil with more hatred 
in his heart for a race than I did for the English, and on this platform are present 
English friends who can bear witness to the fact; but the more I lived among 
them and saw how the machine was working — the English national life — 
and mixed with them, I found where the heartbeat of the nation was, and the 
more I loved them. There is none among you here present, my brothers, who 
loves the English people more than I do now. You have to see what is going on 
there, and you have to mix with them. As the philosophy, our national 
philosophy of the Vedanta, has summarised all misfortune, all misery, as 
coming from that one cause, ignorance, herein also we must understand that the 
difficulties that arise between us and the English people are mostly due to that 
ignorance; we do not know them, they do not know us. 

Unfortunately, to the Western mind, spirituality, nay, even morality, is 
eternally connected with worldly prosperity; and as soon as an Englishman or 



any other Western man lands on our soil and finds a land of poverty and of 
misery, he forthwith concludes that there cannot be any religion here, there 
cannot be any morality even. His own experience is true. In Europe, owing to 
the inclemency of the climate and many other circumstances poverty and sin go 
together, but not so in India. In India on the other hand, my experience is that 
the poorer the man the better he is in point of morality. Now this takes time to 
understand, and how many foreign people are there who will stop to understand 
this, the very secret of national existence in India? Few are there who will have 
the patience to study the nation and understand. Here and here alone, is the 
only race where poverty does not mean crime, poverty does not mean sin; and 
here is the only race where not only poverty does not mean crime but poverty 
has been deified, and the beggar's garb is the garb of the highest in the land. On 
the other hand, we have also similarly, patiently to study the social institutions 
of the West and not rush into mad judgments about them Their intermingling of 
the sexes, their different customs their manners, have all their meaning, have 
all their grand sides, if you have the patience to study them. Not that I mean 
that we are going to borrow their manners and customs, not that they are going 
to borrow ours, for the manners and customs of each race are the outcome of 
centuries of patient growth in that race, and each one has a deep meaning 
behind it; and, therefore, neither are they to ridicule our manners and customs, 
nor we theirs. 

Again, I want to make another statement before this assembly. My work in 
England has been more satisfactory to me than my work in America. The bold, 
brave and steady Englishman, if I may use the expression, with his skull a little 
thicker than those of other people — if he has once an idea put into his brain, it 
never comes out; and the immense practicality and energy of the race makes it 
sprout up and immediately bear fruit. It is not so in any other country. That 
immense practicality, that immense vitality of the race, you do not see 
anywhere else. There is less of imagination, but more of work, and who knows 
the well-spring, the mainspring of the English heart? How much of imagination 
and of feeling is there! They are a nation of heroes, they are the true 
Kshatriyas; their education is to hide their feelings and never to show them. 
From their childhood they have been educated up to that. Seldom will you find 
an Englishman manifesting feeling, nay, even an Englishwoman. I have seen 
Englishwomen go to work and do deeds which would stagger the bravest of 



Bengalis to follow. But with all this heroic superstructure, behind this covering 
of the fighter, there is a deep spring of feeling in the English heart. If you once 
know how to reach it, if you get there, if you have personal contact and mix 
with him, he will open his heart, he is your friend for ever, he is your servant. 
Therefore in my opinion, my work in England has been more satisfactory than 
anywhere else. I firmly believe that if I should die tomorrow the work in 
England would not die, but would go on expanding all the time. 

Brothers, you have touched another chord in my heart, the deepest of all, and 
that is the mention of my teacher, my master, my hero, my ideal, my God in 
life - Shri Ramakrishna Paramahamsa. If there has been anything achieved by 
me, by thoughts, or words, or deeds, if from my lips has ever fallen one word 
that has helped any one in the world, I lay no claim to it, it was his. But if there 
have been curses falling from my lips, if there has been hatred coming out of 
me, it is all mine and not his. All that has been weak has been mine, and all that 
has been life-giving, strengthening, pure, and holy, has been his inspiration, his 
words, and he himself. Yes, my friends, the world has yet to know that man. 

We read in the history of the world about prophets and their lives, and these 
come down to us through centuries of writings and workings by their disciples. 
Through thousands of years of chiselling and modelling, the lives of the great 
prophets of yore come down to us; and yet, in my opinion, not one stands so 
high in brilliance as that life which I saw with my own eyes, under whose 
shadow I have lived, at whose feet I have learnt everything — the life of 
Ramakrishna Paramahamsa. Ay, friends, you all know the celebrated saying of 
the Gita: 



m ft wa i 

3 win gwwi.ii 
grtpn ftqjw n <^dr< i 



"Whenever, O descendant of Bharata, there is decline of Dharma, and rise of 
Adharma, then I body Myself forth. For the protection of the good, for the 
destruction of the wicked, and for the establishment of Dharma I come into 
being in every age." 

Along with this you have to understand one thing more. Such a thing is before 



us today. Before one of these tidal waves of spirituality comes, there are 
whirlpools of lesser manifestation all over society. One of these comes up, at 
first unknown, unperceived, and unthought of, assuming proportion, 
swallowing, as it were, and assimilating all the other little whirlpools, 
becoming immense, becoming a tidal wave, and falling upon society with a 
power which none can resist. Such is happening before us. If you have eyes, 
you will see it. If your heart is open, you will receive it. If you are truth- 
seekers, you will find it. Blind, blind indeed is the man who does not see the 
signs of the day! Ay, this boy born of poor Brahmin parents in an out-of-the- 
way village of which very few of you have even heard, is literally being 
worshipped in lands which have been fulminating against heathen worship for 
centuries. Whose power is it? Is it mine or yours? It is none else than the power 
which was manifested here as Ramakrishna Paramahamsa. For, you and I, and 
sages and prophets, nay, even Incarnations, the whole universe, are but 
manifestations of power more or less individualized, more or less concentrated. 
Here has been a manifestation of an immense power, just the very beginning of 
whose workings we are seeing, and before this generation passes away, you 
will see more wonderful workings of that power. It has come just in time for 
the regeneration of India, for we forget from time to time the vital power that 
must always work in India. 

Each nation has its own peculiar method of work. Some work through politics, 
some through social reforms, some through other lines. With us, religion is the 
only ground along which we can move. The Englishman can understand even 
religion through politics. Perhaps the American can understand even religion 
through social reforms. But the Hindu can understand even politics when it is 
given through religion; sociology must come through religion, everything must 
come through religion. For that is the theme, the rest are the variations in the 
national life-music. And that was in danger. It seemed that we were going to 
change this theme in our national life, that we were going to exchange the 
backbone of our existence, as it were, that we were trying to replace a spiritual 
by a political backbone. And if we could have succeeded, the result would have 
been annihilation. But it was not to be. So this power became manifest. I do not 
care in what light you understand this great sage, it matters not how much 
respect you pay to him, but I challenge you face to face with the fact that here 
is a manifestation of the most marvellous power that has been for several 



centuries in India, and it is your duty, as Hindus, to study this power, to find 
what has been done for the regeneration, for the good of India, and for the good 
of the whole human race through it. Ay, long before ideas of universal religion 
and brotherly feeling between different sects were mooted and discussed in any 
country in the world, here, in sight of this city, had been living a man whose 
whole life was a Parliament of Religions as it should be. 

The highest ideal in our scriptures is the impersonal, and would to God 
everyone of us here were high enough to realise that impersonal ideal; but, as 
that cannot be, it is absolutely necessary for the vast majority of human beings 
to have a personal ideal; and no nation can rise, can become great, can work at 
all, without enthusiastically coming under the banner of one of these great 
ideals in life. Political ideals, personages representing political ideals, even 
social ideals, commercial ideals, would have no power in India. We want 
spiritual ideals before us, we want enthusiastically to gather round grand 
spiritual names. Our heroes must be spiritual. Such a hero has been given to us 
in the person of Ramakrishna Paramahamsa. If this nation wants to rise, take 
my word for it, it will have to rally enthusiastically round this name. It does not 
matter who preaches Ramakrishna Paramahamsa, whether I, or you, or 
anybody else. But him I place before you, and it is for you to judge, and for the 
good of our race, for the good of our nation, to judge now, what you shall do 
with this great ideal of life. One thing we are to remember that it was the purest 
of all lives that you have ever seen, or let me tell you distinctly, that you have 
ever read of. And before you is the fact that it is the most marvellous 
manifestation of soul-power that you can read of, much less expect to see. 
Within ten years of his passing away, this power has encircled the globe; that 
fact is before you. In duty bound, therefore, for the good of our race, for the 
good of our religion, I place this great spiritual ideal before you. Judge him not 
through me. I am only a weak instrument. Let not his character be judged by 
seeing me. It was so great that if I or any other of his disciples spent hundreds 
of lives, we could not do justice to a millionth part of what he really was. Judge 
for yourselves; in the heart of your hearts is the Eternal Witness, and may He, 
the same Ramakrishna Paramahamsa, for the good of our nation, for the 
welfare of our country, and for the good of humanity, open your hearts, make 
you true and steady to work for the immense change which must come, 
whether we exert ourselves or not. For the work of the Lord does not wait for 



the like of you or me. He can raise His workers from the dust by hundreds and 
by thousands. It is a glory and a privilege that we are allowed to work at all 
under Him. 

From this the idea expands. As you have pointed out to me, we have to conquer 
the world. That we have to! India must conquer the world, and nothing less 
than that is my ideal. It may be very big, it may astonish many of you, but it is 
so. We must conquer the world or die. There is no other alternative. The sign of 
life is expansion; we must go out, expand, show life, or degrade, fester, and die. 
There is no other alternative. Take either of these, either live or die. Now, we 
all know about the petty jealousies and quarrels that we have in our country. 
Take my word, it is the same everywhere. The other nations with their political 
lives have foreign policies. When they find too much quarrelling at home, they 
look for somebody abroad to quarrel with, and the quarrel at home stops. We 
have these quarrels without any foreign policy to stop them. This must be our 
eternal foreign policy, preaching the truths of our Shastras to the nations of the 
world. I ask you who are politically minded, do you require any other proof 
that this will unite us as a race? This very assembly is a sufficient witness. 

Secondly, apart from these selfish considerations, there are the unselfish, the 
noble, the living examples behind us. One of the great causes of India's misery 
and downfall has been that she narrowed herself, went into her shell as the 
oyster does, and refused to give her jewels and her treasures to the other races 
of mankind, refused to give the life-giving truths to thirsting nations outside the 
Aryan fold. That has been the one great cause; that we did not go out, that we 
did not compare notes with other nations — that has been the one great cause 
of our downfall, and every one of you knows that that little stir, the little life 
that you see in India, begins from the day when Raja Rammohan Roy broke 
through the walls of that exclusiveness. Since that day, history in India has 
taken another turn, and now it is growing with accelerated motion. If we have 
had little rivulets in the past, deluges are coming, and none can resist them. 
Therefore we must go out, and the secret of life is to give and take. Are we to 
take always, to sit at the feet of the Westerners to learn everything, even 
religion? We can learn mechanism from them. We can learn many other things. 
But we have to teach them something, and that is our religion, that is our 
spirituality. For a complete civilisation the world is waiting, waiting for the 



treasures to come out of India, waiting for the marvellous spiritual inheritance 
of the race, which, through decades of degradation and misery, the nation has 
still clutched to her breast. The world is waiting for that treasure; little do you 
know how much of hunger and of thirst there is outside of India for these 
wonderful treasures of our forefathers. We talk here, we quarrel with each 
other, we laugh at and we ridicule everything sacred, till it has become almost a 
national vice to ridicule everything holy. Little do we understand the heart- 
pangs of millions waiting outside the walls, stretching forth their hands for a 
little sip of that nectar which our forefathers have preserved in this land of 
India. Therefore we must go out, exchange our spirituality for anything they 
have to give us; for the marvels of the region of spirit we will exchange the 
marvels of the region of matter. We will not be students always, but teachers 
also. There cannot be friendship without equality, and there cannot be equality 
when one party is always the teacher and the other party sits always at his feet. 
If you want to become equal with the Englishman or the American, you will 
have to teach as well as to learn, and you have plenty yet to teach to the world 
for centuries to come. This has to be done. Fire and enthusiasm must be in our 
blood. We Bengalis have been credited with imagination, and I believe we have 
it. We have been ridiculed as an imaginative race, as men with a good deal of 
feeling. Let me tell you, my friends, intellect is great indeed, but it stops within 
certain bounds. It is through the heart, and the heart alone, that inspiration 
comes. It is through the feelings that the highest secrets are reached; and 
therefore it is the Bengali, the man of feeling, that has to do this work. 

^fEB jtw I — Arise, awake and stop not till the desired end is 

reached. Young men of Calcutta, arise, awake, for the time is propitious. 
Already everything is opening out before us. Be bold and fear not. It is only in 
our scriptures that this adjective is given unto the Lord — Abhih, Abhih. We 
have to become Abhih, fearless, and our task will be done. Arise, awake, for 
your country needs this tremendous sacrifice. It is the young men that will do 
it. "The young, the energetic, the strong, the well-built, the intellectual" — for 
them is the task. And we have hundreds and thousands of such young men in 
Calcutta. If, as you say, I have done something, remember that I was that good- 
for-nothing boy playing in the streets of Calcutta. If I have done so much, how 
much more will you do! Arise and awake, the world is calling upon you. In 
other parts of India, there is intellect, there is money, but enthusiasm is only in 



my motherland. That must come out; therefore arise, young men of Calcutta, 
with enthusiasm in your blood. This not that you are poor, that you have no 
friends. A who ever saw money make the man? It is man that always makes 
money. The whole world has been made by the energy of man, by the power of 
enthusiasm, by the power of faith. 

Those of you who have studied that most beautiful ail the Upanishads, the 
Katha, will remember how the king was going to make a great sacrifice, and, 
instead of giving away things that were of any worth, he was giving away cows 
and horses that were not of any use, and the book says that at that time 
Shraddha entered into the heart of his son Nachiketa. I would not translate this 
word Shraddha to you, it would be a mistake; it is a wonderful word to 
understand, and much depends on it; we will see how it works, for immediately 
we find Nachiketa telling himself, "I am superior to many, I am inferior to few, 
but nowhere am I the last, I can also do something." And this boldness 
increased, and the boy wanted to solve the problem which was in his mind, the 
problem of death. The solution could only be got by going to the house of 
Death, and the boy went. There he was, brave Nachiketa waiting at the house 
of Death for three days, and you know how he obtained what he desired. What 
we want, is this Shraddha. Unfortunately, it has nearly vanished from India, 
and this is why we are in our present state. What makes the difference between 
man and man is the difference in this Shraddha and nothing else. What make 
one man great and another weak and low is this Shraddha. My Master used to 
say, he who thinks himself weak will become weak, and that is true. This 
Shraddha must enter into you. Whatever of material power you see manifested 
by the Western races is the outcome of this Shraddha, because they believe in 
their muscles and if you believe in your spirit, how much more will it work! 
Believe in that infinite soul, the infinite power, which, with consensus of 
opinion, your books and sages preach. That Atman which nothing can destroy, 
in It is infinite power only waiting to be called out. For here is the great 
difference between all other philosophies and the Indian philosophy. Whether 
dualistic, qualified monistic, or monistic, they all firmly believe that everything 
is in the soul itself; it has only to come out and manifest itself. Therefore, this 
Shraddha is what I want, and what all of us here want, this faith in ourselves, 
and before you is the great task to get that faith. Give up the awful disease that 
is creeping into our national blood, that idea of ridiculing everything, that loss 



of seriousness. Give that up. Be strong and have this Shraddha, and everything 
else is bound to follow. 

I have done nothing as yet; you have to do the task. If I die tomorrow the work 
will not die. I sincerely believe that there will be thousands coming up from the 
ranks to take up the work and carry it further and further, beyond all my most 
hopeful imagination ever painted. I have faith in my country, and especially in 
the youth of my country. The youth of Bengal have the greatest of all tasks that 
has ever been placed on the shoulders of young men. I have travelled for the 
last ten years or so over the whole of India, and my conviction is that from the 
youth of Bengal will come the power which will raise India once more to her 
proper spiritual place. Ay, from the youth of Bengal, with this immense amount 
of feeling and enthusiasm in the blood, will come those heroes who will march 
from one corner of the earth to the other, preaching and teaching the eternal 
spiritual truths of our forefathers. And this is the great work before you. 
Therefore, let me conclude by reminding you once more, "Arise, awake and 
stop not till the desired end is reached." Be not afraid, for all great power, 
throughout the history of humanity, has been with he people. From out of their 
ranks have come all the greatest geniuses of the world, and history can only 
repeat itself. Be not afraid of anything. You will do marvellous work. The 
moment you fear, you are nobody. It is fear that is the great cause of misery in 
the world. It is fear that is the greatest of all superstitions. It is fear that is the 
cause of our woes, and it is fearlessness that brings heaven even in a moment. 
Therefore, "Arise, awake, and stop not till the goal is reached." 

Gentlemen, allow me to thank you once more for all the kindness that I have 
received at your hands. It is my wish — my intense, sincere wish — to be even 
of the least service to the world, and above all to my own country and 
countrymen. 



» 



« 



Home / Complete- Works / Volume 3 / Lectures from Colombo to Almora / 



THE VEDANTA IN ALL ITS PHASES 

( Delivered in Calcutta) 

Away back, where no recorded history, nay, not even the dim light of tradition, 
can penetrate, has been steadily shining the light, sometimes dimmed by 
external circumstances, at others effulgent, but undying and steady, shedding 
its lustre not only over India, but permeating the whole thought- world with its 
power, silent, unperceived, gentle, yet omnipotent, like the dew that falls in the 
morning, unseen and unnoticed, yet bringing into bloom the fairest of roses: 
this has been the thought of the Upanishads, the philosophy of the Vedanta. 
Nobody knows when it first came to flourish on the soil of India. Guesswork 
has been vain. The guesses, especially of Western writers, have been so 
conflicting that no certain date can be ascribed to them. But we Hindus, from 
the spiritual standpoint, do not admit that they had any origin. This Vedanta, 
the philosophy of the Upanishads, I would make bold to state, has been the first 
as well as the final thought on the spiritual plane that has ever been vouchsafed 
to man. 

From this ocean of the Vedanta, waves of light from time to time have been 
going Westward and Eastward. In the days of yore it travelled Westward and 
gave its impetus to the mind of the Greeks, either in Athens, or in Alexandria, 
or in Antioch. The Sankhya system must clearly have made its mark on the 
minds of the ancient Greeks; and the Sankhya and all other systems in India 
hail that one authority, the Upanishads, the Vedanta. In India, too, in spite of all 
these jarring sects that we see today and all those that have been in the past, the 
one authority, the basis of all these systems, has yet been the Upanishads, the 
Vedanta. Whether you are a dualist, or a qualified monist, an Advaitist, or a 
Vishishtadvaitist, a Shuddhadvaitist, or any other Advaitist, or Dvaitist, or 
whatever you may call yourself, there stand behind you as authority, your 
Shastras, your scriptures, the Upanishads. Whatever system in India does not 
obey the Upanishads cannot be called orthodox, and even the systems of the 
Jains and the Buddhists have been rejected from the soil of India only because 
they did not bear allegiance to the Upanishads. Thus the Vedanta, whether we 
know it or not, has penetrated all the sects in India, and what we call Hinduism, 



this mighty banyan with its immense, almost infinite ramifications, has been 
throughout interpenetrated by the influence of the Vedanta. Whether we are 
conscious of it or not, we think the Vedanta, we live in the Vedanta, we breathe 
the Vedanta, and we die in the Vedanta, and every Hindu does that. To preach 
Vedanta in the land of India, and before an Indian audience, seems, therefore, 
to be an anomaly. But it is the one thing that has to be preached, and it is the 
necessity of the age that it must be preached. For, as I have just told you, all the 
Indian sects must bear allegiance to the Upanishads; but among these sects 
there are many apparent contradictions. Many times the great sages of yore 
themselves could not understand the underlying harmony of the Upanishads. 
Many times, even sages quarrelled, so much so that it became a proverb that 
there are no sages who do not differ. But the time requires that a better 
interpretation should be given to this underlying harmony of the Upanishadic 
texts, whether they are dualistic, or non-dualistic, quasi-dualistic, or so forth. 
That has to be shown before the world at large, and this work is required as 
much in India as outside of India; and I, through the grace of God, had the great 
good fortune to sit at the feet of one whose whole life was such an 
interpretation, whose life, a thousandfold more than whose teaching, was a 
living commentary on the texts of the Upanishads, was in fact the spirit of the 
Upanishads living in a human form. Perhaps I have got a little of that harmony; 
I do not know whether I shall be able to express it or not. But this is my 
attempt, my mission in life, to show that the Vedantic schools are not 
contradictory, that they all necessitate each other, all fulfil each other, and one, 
as it were, is the stepping-stone to the other, until the goal, the Advaita, the Tat 
Tvam Asi, is reached. There was a time in India when the Karma Kanda had its 
sway. There are many grand ideals, no doubt, in that portion of the Vedas. 

Some of our present daily worship is still according to the precepts of the 
Karma Kanda. But with all that, the Karma Kanda of the Vedas has almost 
disappeared from India. Very little of our life today is bound and regulated by 
the orders of the Karma Kanda of the Vedas. In our ordinary lives we are 
mostly Pauranikas or Tantrikas, and, even where some Vedic texts are used by 
the Brahmins of India, the adjustment of the texts is mostly not according to the 
Vedas, but according to the Tantras or the Puranas. As such, to call ourselves 
Vaidikas in the sense of following the Karma Kanda of the Vedas, I do not 
think, would be proper. But the other fact stands that we are all of us 
Vedantists. The people who call themselves Hindus had better be called 



Vedantists, and, as I have shown you, under that one name Vaidantika come in 
all our various sects, whether dualists or non-dualists. 

The sects that are at the present time in India come to be divided in general into 
the two great classes of dualists and monists. The little differences which some 
of these sects insist upon, and upon the authority of which want to take new 
names as pure Advaitists, or qualified Advaitists, and so forth, do not matter 
much. As a classification, either they are dualists or monists, and of the sects 
existing at the present time, some of them are very new, and others seem to be 
reproductions of very ancient sects. The one class I would present by the life 
and philosophy of Ramanuja, and the other by Shankaracharya. 

Ramanuja is the leading dualistic philosopher of later India, whom all the other 
dualistic sects have followed, directly or indirectly, both in the substance of 
their teaching and in the organization of their sects even down to some of the 
most minute points of their organization. You will be astonished if you 
compare Ramanuja and his work with the other dualistic Vaishnava sects in 
India, to see how much they resemble each other in organization, teaching, and 
method. There is the great Southern preacher Madhva Muni, and following 
him, our great Chaitanya of Bengal who took up the philosophy of the 
Madhvas and preached it in Bengal. There are some other sects also in 
Southern India, as the qualified dualistic Shaivas. The Shaivas in most parts of 
India are Advaitists, except in some portions of Southern India and in Ceylon. 
But they also only substitute Shiva for Vishnu and are Ramanujists in every 
sense of the term except in the doctrine of the soul. The followers of Ramanuja 
hold that the soul is Anu, like a particle, very small, and the followers of 
Shankaracharya hold that it is Vibhu, omnipresent. There have been several 
non-dualistic sects. It seems that there have been sects in ancient times which 
Shankara's movement has entirely swallowed up and assimilated. You find 
sometimes a fling at Shankara himself in some of the commentaries, especially 
in that of Vijnana Bhikshu who, although an Advaitist, attempts to upset the 
Mayavada of Shankara. It seems there were schools who did not believe in this 
Mayavada, and they went so far as to call Shankara a crypto-Buddhist, 
Prachchhanna Bauddha, and they thought this Mayavada was taken from the 
Buddhists and brought within the Vedantic fold. However that may be, in 
modern times the Advaitists have all ranged themselves under Shankaracharya; 



and Shankaracharya and his disciples have been the great preachers of Advaita 
both in Southern and in Northern India. The influence of Shankaracharya did 
not penetrate much into our country of Bengal and in Kashmir and the Punjab, 
but in Southern India the Smartas are all followers of Shankaracharya, and with 
Varanasi as the centre, his influence is simply immense even in many parts of 
Northern India. 

Now both Shankara and Ramanuja laid aside all claim to originality. Ramanuja 
expressly tells us he is only following the great commentary of Bodhayana. 



VJtot: df¥iR: d-^dl^rtui I 



— "Ancient teachers abridged that extensive commentary on the Brahma- 
sutras which was composed by the Bhagavan Bodhayana; in accordance with 
their opinion, the words of the Sutra are explained." That is what Ramanuja 
says at the beginning of his commentary, the Sliri-Bhashya. He takes it up and 
makes of it a Samkshepa, and that is what we have today. I myself never had an 
opportunity of seeing this commentary of Bodhayana. The late Swami 
Dayananda Saras wati wanted to reject every other commentary of the Vyasa- 
Sutras except that of Bodhayana; and although he never lost an opportunity of 
having a fling at Ramanuja, he himself could never produce the Bodhayana. I 
have sought for it all over India, and never yet have been able to see it. But 
Ramanuja is very plain on the point, and he tells us that he is taking the ideas, 
and sometimes the very passages out of Bodhayana, and condensing them into 
the present Ramanuja Bhashya. It seems that Shankaracharya was also doing 
the same. There are a few places in his Bhashya which mention older 
commentaries, and when we know that his Guru and his Guru's Guru had been 
Vedantists of the same school as he, sometimes corn more thorough-going, 
bolder even than Shankara himself on certain points, it seems pretty plain that 
he also was not preaching anything very original, and that even in his Bhashya 
he himself had been doing the same work that Ramanuja did with Bodhayana, 
but from what Bhashya, it cannot be discovered at the present time. 

All these Darshanas that you have ever seen or heard of are based upon 
Upanishadic authority. Whenever they want to quote a Shruti, they mean the 
Upanishads. They are always quoting the Upanishads. Following the 



Upanishads there come other philosophies of India, but every one of them 
failed in getting that hold on India which the philosophy of Vyasa got, although 
the philosophy of Vyasa is a development out of an older one, the Sankhya, and 
every philosophy and every system in India — I mean throughout the world — 
owes much to Kapila, perhaps the greatest name in the history of India in 
psychological and philosophical lines. The influence of Kapila is everywhere 
seen throughout the world. Wherever there is a recognised system of thought, 
there you can trace his influence; even if it be thousands of years back, yet he 
stands there, the shining, glorious, wonderful Kapila. His psychology and a 
good deal of his philosophy have been accepted by all the sects of India with 
but very little differences. In our own country, our Naiyayika philosophers 
could not make much impression on the philosophical world of India. They 
were too busy with little things like species and genus, and so forth, and that 
most cumbersome terminology, which it is a life's work to study. As such, they 
were very busy with logic and left philosophy to the Vedantists, but every one 
of the Indian philosophic sects in modern times has adopted the logical 
terminology of the Naiyayikas of Bengal. Jagadisha, Gadadhara, and Shiromani 
are as well known at Nadia as in some of the cities in Malabar. But the 
philosophy of Vyasa, the Vyasa-Sutras , is firm-seated and has attained the 
permanence of that which it intended to present to men, the Brahman of the 
Vedantic side of philosophy. Reason was entirely subordinated to the Shrutis, 
and as Shankaracharya declares, Vyasa did not care to reason at all. His idea in 
writing the Sutras was just to bring together, and with one thread to make a 
garland of the flowers of Vedantic texts. His Sutras are admitted so far as they 
are subordinate to the authority of the Upanishads, and no further. 

And, as I have said, all the sects of India now hold these Vyasa-Sutras to be the 
great authority, and every new sect in India starts with a fresh commentary on 
the Vyasa-Sutras according to its light. The difference between some of these 
commentators is sometimes very great, sometimes the text-torturing is quite 
disgusting. The Vyasa-Sutras have got the place of authority, and no one can 
expect to found a sect in India until he can write a fresh commentary on the 
Vyasa-Sutras. 

Next in authority is the celebrated Gita. The great glory of Shankaracharya was 
his preaching of the Gita. It is one of the greatest works that this great man did 



among the many noble works of his noble life — the preaching of the Gita and 
writing the most beautiful commentary upon it. And he has been followed by 
all founders of the orthodox sects in India, each of whom has written a 
commentary on the Gita. 

The Upanishads are many, and said to be one hundred and eight, but some 
declare them to be still larger in number. Some of them are evidently of a much 
later date, as for instance, the Allopanishad in which Allah is praised and 
Mohammed is called the Rajasulla. I have been told that this was written during 
the reign of Akbar to bring the Hindus and Mohammedans together, and 
sometimes they got hold of some word, as Allah, or Ilia in the Samhitas, and 
made an Upanishad on it. So in this Allopanishad, Mohammed is the Rajasulla, 
whatever that may mean. There are other sectarian Upanishads of the same 
species, which you find to be entirely modern, and it has been so easy to write 
them, seeing that this language of the Samhita portion of the Vedas is so 
archaic that there is no grammar to it. Years ago I had an idea of studying the 
grammar of the Vedas, and I began with all earnestness to study Panini and the 
Mahabhashya , but to my surprise I found that the best part of the Vedic 
grammar consists only of exceptions to rules. A rule is made, and after that 
comes a statement to the effect, "This rule will be an exception". So you see 
what an amount of liberty there is for anybody to write anything, the only 
safeguard being the dictionary of Yaska. Still, in this you will find, for the must 
part, but a large number of synonyms. Given all that, how easy it is to write any 
number of Upanishads you please. Just have a little knowledge of Sanskrit, 
enough to make words look like the old archaic words, and you have no fear of 
grammar. Then you bring in Rajasulla or any other Sulla you like. In that way 
many Upanishads have been manufactured, and I am told that that is being 
done even now. In some parts of India, I am perfectly certain, they are trying to 
manufacture such Upanishads among the different sects. But among the 
Upanishads are those, which, on the face of them, bear the evidence of 
genuineness, and these have been taken up by the great commentators and 
commented upon, especially by Shankara, followed by Ramanuja and all the 
rest. 

There are one or two more ideas with regard to the Upanishads which I want to 
bring to your notice, for these are an ocean of knowledge, and to talk about the 



Upanishads, even for an incompetent person like myself, takes years and not 
one lecture only. I want, therefore, to bring to your notice one or two points in 
the study of the Upanishads. In the first place, they are the most wonderful 
poems in the world. If you read the Samhita portion of the Vedas, you now and 
then find passages of most marvellous beauty. For instance, the famous Shloka 
which describes Chaos — d+i snSkra etc. — "When darkness was hidden 
in darkness", so on it goes. One reads and feels the wonderful sublimity of the 
poetry. Do you mark this that outside of India, and inside also, there have been 
attempts at painting the sublime. But outside, it has always been the infinite in 
the muscles the external world, the infinite of matter, or of space. When Milton 
or Dante, or any other great European poet, either ancient or modern, wants to 
paint a picture of the infinite, he tries to soar outside, to make you feel the 
infinite through the muscles. That attempt has been made here also. You find it 
in the Samhitas, the infinite of extension most marvellously painted and placed 
before the readers, such as has been done nowhere else. Mark that one sentence 
— dd npi., — and now mark the description of darkness by three 

poets. Take our own Kalidasa — "Darkness which can be penetrated with the 
point of a needle"; then Milton — "No light but rather darkness visible"; but 
come now to the Upanishad, "Darkness was covering darkness", "Darkness was 
hidden in darkness". We who live in the tropics can understand it, the sudden 
outburst of the monsoon, when in a moment, the horizon becomes darkened 
and clouds become covered with more rolling black clouds. So on, the poem 
goes; but yet, in the Samhita portion, all these attempts are external. As 
everywhere else, the attempts at finding the solution of the great problems of 
life have been through the external world. Just as the Greek mind or the 
modern European mind wants to find the solution of life and of all the sacred 
problems of Being by searching into the external world, so also did our 
forefathers, and just as the Europeans failed, they failed also. But the Western 
people never made a move more, they remained there, they failed in the search 
for the solution of the great problems of life and death in the external world, 
and there they remained, stranded; our forefathers also found it impossible, but 
were bolder in declaring the utter helplessness of the senses to find the solution. 
Nowhere else was the answer better put than in the Upanishad: 



'Mdl 3R1 



mm ttoi w i 




"From whence words come back reflected, together with the mind"; 






— "There the eye cannot go, nor can speech reach". There are various 
sentences which declare the utter helplessness of the senses, but they did not 
stop there; they fell back upon the internal nature of man, they went to get the 
answer from their own soul, they became introspective; they gave up external 
nature as a failure, as nothing could be done there, as no hope, no answer could 
be found; they discovered that dull, dead matter would not give them truth, and 
they fell back upon the shining soul of man, and there the answer was found. 

STPTPFf'SRT I — "Know this Atman alone," they declared, 

"give up all other vain words, and hear no other." In the Atman they found the 
solution — the greatest of all Atmans, the God, the Lord of this universe, His 
relation to the Atman of man, our duty to Him, and through that our relation to 
each other. And herein you find the most sublime poetry in the world. No more 
is the attempt made to paint this Atman in the language of matter. Nay, for it 
they have given up even all positive language. No more is there any attempt to 
come to the senses to give them the idea of the infinite, no more is there an 
external, dull, dead, material, spacious, sensuous infinite, but instead of that 
comes something which is as fine as even that mentioned in the saying — 



cR^f TO fSRrid II 

What poetry in the world can be more sublime than this! "There the sun cannot 
illumine, nor the moon, nor the stars, there this flash of lightning cannot 
illumine; what to speak of this mortal fire!" Such poetry you find nowhere else. 
Take that most marvellous Upanishad, the Katha. What a wonderful finish, 
what a most marvellous art displayed in that poem! How wonderfully it opens 
with that little boy to whom Shraddha came, who wanted to see Yama, and 
how that most marvellous of all teachers, Death himself, teaches him the great 
lessons of life and death! And what was his quest? To know the secret of death. 

The second point that I want you to remember is the perfectly impersonal 
character of the Upanishads. Although we find many names, and many 



speakers, and many teachers in the Upanishads, not one of them stands as an 
authority of the Upanishads, not one verse is based upon the life of any one of 
them. These are simply figures like shadows moving in the background, unfelt, 
unseen, unrealised, but the real force is in the marvellous, the brilliant, the 
effulgent texts of the Upanishads, perfectly impersonal. If twenty Yajnavalkyas 
came and lived and died, it does not matter; the texts are there. And yet it is 
against no personality; it is broad and expansive enough to embrace all the 
personalities that the world has yet produced, and all that are yet to come. It has 
nothing to say against the worship of persons, or Avataras, or sages. On the 
other hand, it is always upholding it. At the same time, it is perfectly 
impersonal. It is a most marvellous idea, like the God it preaches, the 
impersonal idea of. the Upanishads. For the sage, the thinker, the philosopher, 
for the rationalist, it is as much impersonal as any modern scientist can wish. 
And these are our scriptures. You must remember that what the Bible is to the 
Christians, what the Koran is to the Mohammedans, what the Tripitaka is to the 
Buddhist, what the Zend Avesta is to the Parsees, these Upanishads are to us. 
These and nothing but these are our scriptures. The Puranas, the Tantras, and 
all the other books, even the Vyasa-Sutras , are of secondary, tertiary authority, 
but primary are the Vedas. Manu, and the Puranas, and all the other books are 
to be taken so far as they agree with the authority of the Upanishads, and when 
they disagree they are to be rejected without mercy. This we ought to 
remember always, but unfortunately for India, at the present time we have 
forgotten it. A petty village custom seems now the real authority and not the 
teaching of the Upanishads. A petty idea current in a wayside village in Bengal 
seems to have the authority of the Vedas, and even something better. And that 
word "orthodox", how wonderful its influence! To the villager, the following of 
every little bit of the Karma Kanda is the very height of "orthodoxy", and one 
who does not do it is told, "Go away, you are no more a Hindu." So there are, 
most unfortunately in my motherland, persons who will take up one of these 
Tantras and say, that the practice of this Tantra is to be obeyed; he who does 
not do so is no more orthodox in his views. Therefore it is better for us to 
remember that in the Upanishads is the primary authority, even the Grihya and 
Shrauta Sutras are subordinate to the authority of the Vedas. They are the 
words of the Rishis, our forefathers, and you have to believe them if you want 
to become a Hindu. You may even believe the most peculiar ideas about the 
Godhead, but if you deny the authority of the Vedas, you are a Nastika. Therein 



lies the difference between the scriptures of the Christians or the Buddhists and 
ours; theirs are all Puranas, and not scriptures, because they describe the history 
of the deluge, and the history of kings and reigning families, and record the 
lives of great men, and so on. This is the work of the Puranas, and so far as 
they agree with the Vedas, they are good. So far as the Bible and the scriptures 
of other nations agree with the Vedas, they are perfectly good, but when they 
do not agree, they are no more to be accepted. So with the Koran. There are 
many moral teachings in these, and so far as they agree with the Vedas they 
have the authority of the Puranas, but no more. The idea is that the Vedas were 
never written; the idea is, they never came into existence. I was told once by a 
Christian missionary that their scriptures have a historical character, and 
therefore are true, to which I replied, "Mine have no historical character and 
therefore they are true; yours being historical, they were evidently made by 
some man the other day. Yours are man-made and mine are not; their non- 
historicity is in their favour." Such is the relation of the Vedas with all the other 
scriptures at the present day. 

We now come to the teachings of the Upanishads. Various texts are there. 

Some are perfectly dualistic, while others are monistic. But there are certain 
doctrines which are agreed to by all the different sects of India. First, there is 
the doctrine of Samsara or reincarnation of the soul. Secondly, they all agree in 
their psychology; first there is the body, behind that, what they call the 
Sukshma Sharira, the mind, and behind that even, is the Jiva. That is the great 
difference between Western and Indian psychology; in the Western psychology 
the mind is the soul, here it is not. The Antahkarana, the internal instrument, as 
the mind is called, is only an instrument in the hands of that Jiva, through 
which the Jiva works on the body or on the external world. Here they all agree, 
and they all also agree that this Jiva or Atman, Jivatman as it is called by 
various sects, is eternal, without beginning; and that it is going from birth to 
birth, until it gets a final release. They all agree in this, and they also all agree 
in one other most vital point, which alone marks characteristically, most 
prominently, most vitally, the difference between the Indian and the Western 
mind, and it is this, that everything is in the soul. There is no inspiration, but 
properly speaking, expiration. All powers and all purity and all greatness — 
everything is in the soul. The Yogi would tell you that the Siddhis - Anima, 
Laghima, and so on — that he wants to attain to are not to be attained, in the 



proper sense of the word, but are already there in the soul; the work is to make 
them manifest. Patanjali, for instance, would tell you that even in the lowest 
worm that crawls under your feet, all the eightfold Yogi's powers are already 
existing. The difference has been made by the body. As soon as it gets a better 
body, the powers will become manifest, but they are there. 

del: I 

— "Good and bad deeds are not the direct causes in the transformations of 
nature, but they act as breakers of obstacles to the evolutions of nature: as a 
farmer breaks the obstacles to the course of water, which then runs down by its 
own nature." Here Patanjali gives the celebrated example of the cultivator 
bringing water into his field from a huge tank somewhere. The tank is already 
filled and the water would flood his land in a moment, only there is a mud- wall 
between the tank and his field. As soon as the barrier is broken, in rushes the 
water out of its own power and force. This mass of power and purity and 

/V 

perfection is in the soul already. The only difference is the Avarana — this veil 

— that has been cast over it. Once the veil is removed, the soul attains to 
purity, and its powers become manifest. This, you ought to remember, is the 
great difference between Eastern and Western thought. Hence you find people 
teaching such awful doctrines as that we are all born sinners, and because we 
do not believe in such awful doctrines we are all born wicked. They never stop 
to think that if we are by our very nature wicked, we can never be good — for 
how can nature change? If it changes, it contradicts itself; it is not nature. We 
ought to remember this. Here the dualist, and the Advaitist, and all others in 
India agree. 

The next point, which all the sects in India believe in, is God. Of course their 
ideas of God will be different. The dualists believe in a Personal God, and a 
personal only. I want you to understand this word personal a little more. This 
word personal does not mean that God has a body, sits on a throne somewhere, 
and rules this world, but means Saguna, with qualities. There are many 
descriptions of the Personal God. This Personal God as the Ruler, the Creator, 
the Preserver, and the Destroyer of this universe is believed in by all the sects. 
The Advaitists believe something more. They believe in a still higher phase of 
this Personal God, which is personal-impersonal. No adjective can illustrate 



where there is no qualification, and the Advaitist would not give Him any 
qualities except the three — Sat-Chit-Ananda, Existence, Knowledge, and Bliss 
Absolute. This is what Shankara did. But in the Upanishads themselves you 
find they penetrate even further, and say, nothing can be predicated of it except 
Neti, Neti, "Not this, Not this". 

Here all the different sects of India agree. But taking the dualistic side, as I 
have said, I will take Ramanuja as the typical dualist of India, the great modern 
representative of the dualistic system. It is a pity that our people in Bengal 
know so very little about the great religious leaders in India, who have been 
born in other parts of the country; and for the matter of that, during the whole 
of the Mohammedan period, with the exception of our Chaitanya, all the great 
religious leaders were born in Southern India, and it is the intellect of Southern 
India that is really governing India now; for even Chaitanya belonged to one of 
these sects, a sect of the Madhvas. According to Ramanuja, these three entities 
are eternal — God, and soul, and nature. The souls are eternal, and they will 
remain eternally existing, individualised through eternity, and will retain their 
individuality all through. Your soul will be different from my soul through all 
eternity, says Ramanuja, and so will this nature — which is an existing fact, as 
much a fact as the existence of soul or the existence of God — remain always 
different. And God is interpenetrating, the essence of the soul, He is the 
Antary amin. In this sense Ramanuja sometimes thinks that God is one with the 
soul, the essence of the soul, and these souls — at the time of Pralaya, when the 
whole of nature becomes what he calls Sankuchita, contracted — become 
contracted and minute and remain so for a time. And at the beginning of the 
next cycle they all come out, according to their past Karma, and undergo the 
effect of that Karma. Every action that makes the natural inborn purity and 
perfection of the soul get contracted is a bad action, and every action that 
makes it come out and expand itself is a good action, says Ramanuja. Whatever 
helps to make the Vikasha of the soul is good, and whatever makes it 
Sankuchita is bad. And thus the soul is going on, expanding or contracting in 
its actions, till through the grace of God comes salvation. And that grace comes 
to all souls, says Ramanuja, that are pure and struggle for that grace. 

There is a celebrated verse in the Shrutis, 



£T^fg: T ^r^: 



"When the food is pure, then the Sattva becomes pure; when the Sattva is pure, 
then the Smriti" — the memory of the Lord, or the memory of our own 
perfection — if you are an Advaitist — "becomes truer, steadier, and absolute". 
Here is a great discussion. First of all, what is this Sattva? We know that 
according to the Sankhya — and it has been admitted by all our sects of 
philosophy — the body is composed of three sorts of materials — not qualities. 
It is the general idea that Sattva, Rajas, and Tamas are qualities. Not at all, not 
qualities but the materials of this universe, and with Ahara-shuddhi, when the 
food is pure, the Sattva material becomes pure. The one theme of the Vedanta 
is to get this Sattva. As I have told you, the soul is already pure and perfect, and 
it is, according to the Vedanta, covered up by Rajas and Tamas particles. The 
Sattva particles are the most luminous, and the effulgence of the soul penetrates 
through them as easily as light through glass. So if the Rajas and Tamas 
particles go, and leave the Sattva particles, in this state the power and purity of 
the soul will appear, and leave the soul more manifest. 

Therefore it is necessary to have this Sattva. And the text says, "When Ahara 
becomes pure". Ramanuja takes this word Ahara to mean food, and he has 
made it one of the turning points of his philosophy. Not only so, it has affected 
the whole of India, and all the different sects. Therefore it is necessary for us to 
understand what it means, for that, according to Ramanuja, is one of the 
principal factors in our life, Ahara-shuddhi. What makes food impure? asks 
Ramanuja. Three sorts of defects make food impure — first, Jati-dosha, the 
defect in the very nature of the class to which the food belongs, as the smell in 
onions, garlic, and suchlike. The next is Ashraya-dosha, the defect in the 
person from whom the food comes; food coming from a wicked person will 
make you impure. I myself have seen many great sages in India following 
strictly that advice all their lives. Of course they had the power to know who 
brought the food, and even who had touched the food, and I have seen it in my 
own life, not once, but hundreds of times. Then Nimitta-dosha, the defect of 
impure things or influences coming in contact with food is another. We had 
better attend to that a little more now. It has become too prevalent in India to 
take food with dirt and dust and bits of hair in it. If food is taken from which 
these three defects have been removed, that makes Sattva- shuddhi, purifies the 



Sattva. Religion seems to be a very easy task then. Then every one can have 
religion if it comes by eating pure food only. There is none so weak or 
incompetent in this world, that I know, who cannot save himself from these 
defects. Then comes Shankaracharya, who says this word Ahara means thought 
collected in the mind; when that becomes pure, the Sattva becomes pure, and 
not before that. You may eat what you like. If food alone would purify the 
Sattva, then feed the monkey with milk and rice all its life; would it become a 
great Yogi? Then the cows and the deer would be great Yogis. As has been 
said, "If it is by bathing much that heaven is reached, the fishes will get to 
heaven first. If by eating vegetables a man gets to heaven, the cows and the 
deer will get to heaven first." 

But what is the solution? Both are necessary. Of course the idea that 
Shankaracharya gives us of Ahara is the primary idea. But pure food, no doubt, 
helps pure thought; it has an intimate connection; both ought to be there. But 
the defect is that in modern India we have forgotten the advice of 
Shankaracharya and taken only the "pure food" meaning. That is why people 
get mad with me when I say, religion has got into the kitchen; and if you had 
been in Madras with me, you would have agreed with me. The Bengalis are 
better than that. In Madras they throw away food if anybody looks at it. And 
with all this, I do not see that the people are any the better there. If only eating 
this and that sort of food and saving it from the looks of this person and that 
person would give them perfection, you would expect them all to be perfect 
men, which they are not. 

Thus, although these are to be combined and linked together to make a perfect 
whole, do not put the cart before the horse. There is a cry nowadays about this 
and that food and about Varnashrama, and the Bengalis are the most vociferous 
in these cries. I would ask every one of you, what do you know about this 
Varnashrama? Where are the four castes today in this country? Answer me; I 
do not see the four castes. Just as our Bengali proverb has it, "A headache 
without a head", so you want to make this Varnashrama here. There are not 
four castes here. I see only the Brahmin and the Shudra. If there are the 
Kshatriyas and the Vaishyas, where are they and why do not you Brahmins 
order them to take the Yajnopavita and study the Vedas, as every Hindu ought 
to do? And if the Vaishyas and the Kshatriyas do not exist, but only the 



Brahmins and the Shudras, the Shastras say that the Brahmin must not live in a 
country where there are only Shudras; so depart bag and baggage! Do you 
know what the Shastras say about people who have been eating Mlechchha 
food and living under a government of the Mlechchhas, as you have for the 
past thousand years? Do you know the penance for that? The penance would be 
burning oneself with one's own hands. Do you want to pass as teachers and 
walk like hypocrisies? If you believe in your Shastras, burn yourselves first like 
the one great Brahmin did who went with Alexander the Great and burnt 
himself because he thought he had eaten the food of a Mlechchha. Do like that, 
and you will see that the whole nation will be at your feet. You do not believe 
in your own Shastras and yet want to make others believe in them. If you think 
you are not able to do that in this age, admit your weakness and excuse the 
weakness of others, take the other castes up, give them a helping hand, let them 
study the Vedas and become just as good Aryans as any other Aryans in the 
world, and be you likewise Aryans, you Brahmins of Bengal. 

Give up this filthy Vamachara that is killing your country. You have not seen 
the other parts of India. When I see how much the Vamachara has entered our 
society, I find it a most disgraceful place with all its boast of culture. These 
Vamachara sects are honeycombing our society in Bengal. Those who come 

/V 

out in the daytime and preach most loudly about Achara, it is they who carry on 
the horrible debauchery at night and are backed by the most dreadful books. 
They are ordered by the books to do these things. You who are of Bengal know 
it. The Bengali Shastras are the Vamachara Tantras. They are published by the 
cart-load, and you poison the minds of your children with them instead of 
teaching them your Shrutis. Fathers of Calcutta, do you not feel ashamed that 
such horrible stuff as these Vamachara Tantras, with translations too, should be 
put into the hands of your boys and girls, and their minds poisoned, and that 
they should be brought up with the idea that these are the Shastras of the 
Hindus? If you are ashamed, take them away from your children, and let them 
read the true Shastras, the Vedas, the Gita, the Upanishads. 

According to the dualistic sects of India, the individual souls remain as 
individuals throughout, and God creates the universe out of pre-existing 
material only as the efficient cause. According to the Advaitists, on the other 
hand, God is both the material and the efficient cause of the universe. He is not 



only the Creator of the universe, but He creates it out of Himself. That is the 
Advaitist position. There are crude dualistic sects who believe that this world 
has been created by God out of Himself, and at the same time God is eternally 
separate from the universe, and everything is eternally subordinate to the Ruler 
of the universe. There are sects too who also believe that out of Himself God 
has evolved this universe, and individuals in the long run attain to Nirvana to 
give up the finite and become the Infinite. But these sects have disappeared. 

The one sect of Advaitists that you see in modern India is composed of the 
followers of Shankara. According to Shankara, God is both the material and the 
efficient cause through Maya, but not in reality. God has not become this 
universe; but the universe is not, and God is. This is one of the highest points to 
understand of Advaita Vedanta, this idea of Maya. I am afraid I have no time to 
discuss this one most difficult point in our philosophy. Those of you who are 
acquainted with Western philosophy will find something very similar in Kant. 
But I must warn you, those of you who have studied Professor Max Muller's 
writings on Kant, that there is one idea most misleading. It was Shankara who 
first found out the idea of the identity of time, space, and causation with Maya, 
and I had the good fortune to find one or two passages in Shankara' s 
commentaries and send them to my friend the Professor. So even that idea was 
here in India. Now this is a peculiar theory — this Maya theory of the Advaita 
Vedantists. The Brahman is all that exists, but differentiation has been caused 
by this Maya. Unity, the one Brahman, is the ultimate, the goal, and herein is 
an eternal dissension again between Indian and Western thought. India has 
thrown this challenge to the world for thousands of years, and the challenge has 
been taken up by different nations, and the result is that they all succumbed and 
you live. This is the challenge that this world is a delusion, that it is all Maya, 
that whether you eat off the ground with your fingers or dine off golden plates, 
whether you live in palaces and are one of the mightest monarchs or are the 
poorest of beggars, death is the one result; it is all the same, all Maya. That is 
the old Indian theme, and again and again nations are springing up trying to 
unsay it, to disprove it; becoming great, with enjoyment as their watchword, 
power in their hands, they use that power to the utmost, enjoy to the utmost, 
and the next moment they die. We stand for ever because we see that 
everything is Maya. The children of Maya live for ever, but the children of 
enjoyment die. 



Here again is another great difference. Just as you find the attempts of Hegel 
and Schopenhauer in German philosophy, so you will find the very same ideas 
brought forward in ancient India. Fortunately for us, Hegelianism was nipped 
in the bud and not allowed to sprout and cast its baneful shoots over this 
motherland of ours. Hegel's one idea is that the one, the absolute, is only chaos, 
and that the individualized form is the greater. The world is greater than the 
non-world, Samsara is greater than salvation. That is the one idea, and the more 
you plunge into this Samsara the more your soul is covered with the workings 
of life, the better you are. They say, do you not see how we build houses, 
cleanse the streets, enjoy the senses? Ay, behind that they may hide rancour, 
misery, horror — behind every bit of that enjoyment. 

On the other hand, our philosophers have from the very first declared that every 
manifestation, what you call evolution, is vain, a vain attempt of the 
unmanifested to manifest itself. Ay, you the mighty cause of this universe, 
trying to reflect yourself in little mud puddles! But after making the attempt for 
a time you find out it was all in vain and beat a retreat to the place from whence 
you came. This is Vairagya, or renunciation, and the very beginning of religion. 
How can religion or morality begin without renunciation itself ? The Alpha and 
Omega is renunciation. "Give up," says the Veda, "give up." That is the one 
way, "Give up". 






— "Neither through wealth, nor through progeny, but by giving up alone that 
immortality is to be reached." That is the dictate of the Indian books. Of course, 
there have been great givers-up of the world, even sitting on thrones. But even 
(King) Janaka himself had to renounce; who was a greater renouncer than he? 
But in modern times we all want to be called Janakas! They are all Janakas (lit. 
fathers) of children — unclad, ill-fed, miserable children. The word Janaka can 
be applied to them in that sense only; they have none of the shining, Godlike 
thoughts as the old Janaka had. These are our modern Janakas! A little less of 
this Janakism now, and come straight to the mark! If you can give up, you will 
have religion. If you cannot, you may read all the books that are in the world, 
from East to West, swallow all the libraries, and become the greatest of 
Pandits, but if you have Karma Kanda only, you are nothing; there is no 



spirituality. Through renunciation alone this immortality is to be reached. It is 
the power, the great power, that cares not even for the universe; then it is that 
i 

"The whole universe becomes like a hollow made by a cow's foot." 

Renunciation, that is the flag, the banner of India, floating over the world, the 
one undying thought which India sends again and again as a warning to dying 
races, as a warning to all tyranny, as a warning to wickedness in the world. Ay, 
Hindus, let not your hold of that banner go. Hold it aloft. Even if you are weak 
and cannot renounce, do not lower the ideal. Say, "I am weak and cannot 
renounce the world", but do not try to be hypocrites, torturing texts, and 
making specious arguments, and trying to throw dust in the eyes of people who 
are ignorant. Do not do that, but own you are weak. For the idea is great, that of 
renunciation. What matters it if millions fail in the attempt, if ten soldiers or 
even two return victorious! Blessed be the millions dead! Their blood has 
bought the victory. This renunciation is the one ideal throughout the different 
Vedic sects except one, and that is the Vallabhacharya sect in Bombay 
Presidency, and most of you are aware what comes where renunciation does 
not exist. We want orthodoxy — even the hideously orthodox, even those who 
smother themselves with ashes, even those who stand with their hands uplifted. 
Ay, we want them, unnatural though they be, for standing for that idea of 
giving up, and acting as a warning to the race against succumbing to the 
effeminate luxuries that are creeping into India, eating into our very vitals, and 
tending to make the whole race a race of hypocrites. We want to have a little of 
asceticism. Renunciation conquered India in days of yore, it has still to conquer 
India. Still it stands as the greatest and highest of Indian ideals — this 
renunciation. The land of Buddha, the land of Ramanuja, of Ramakrishna 
Paramahamsa, the land of renunciation, the land where, from the days of yore, 
Karma Kanda was preached against, and even today there are hundreds who 
have given up everything, and become Jivanmuktas — ay, will that land give 
up its ideals? Certainly not. There may be people whose brains have become 
turned by the Western luxurious ideals; there may be thousands and hundreds 
of thousands who have drunk deep of enjoyment, this curse of the West — the 
senses — the curse of the world; yet for all that, there will be other thousands 
in this motherland of mine to whom religion will ever be a reality, and who will 



be ever ready to give up without counting the cost, if need be. 

Another ideal very common in all our sects, I want to place before you; it is 
also a vast subject. This unique idea that religion is to be realised is in India 
alone. 






— "This Atman is not to be reached by too much talking, nor is it to be reached 
by the power of intellect, nor by much study of the scriptures." Nay, ours is the 
only scripture in the world that declares, not even by the study of the scriptures 
can the Atman be realised — not talks, not lecturing, none of that, but It is to be 
realised. It comes from the teacher to the disciple. When this insight comes to 
the disciple, everything is cleared up and realisation follows. 

One more idea. There is a peculiar custom in Bengal, which they call Kula- 
Guru, or hereditary Guruship. "My father was your Guru, now I shall be your 
Guru. My father was the Guru of your father, so shall I be yours." What is a 
Guru? Let us go back to the Shrutis — "He who knows the secret of the 
Vedas", not bookworms, not grammarians, not Pandits in general, but he who 
knows the meaning. 



m\ wf - r q 5 i 



— "An ass laden with a load of sandalwood knows only the weight of the 
wood, but not its precious qualities"; so are these Pandits. We do not want 
such. What can they teach if they have no realisation? When I was a boy here, 
in this city of Calcutta, I used to go from place to place in search of religion, 
and everywhere I asked the lecturer after hearing very big lectures, "Have you 
seen God?" The man was taken aback at the idea of seeing God; and the only 
man who told me, "I have", was Ramakrishna Paramahamsa, and not only so, 
but he said, "I will put you in the way of seeing Him too". The Guru is not a 
man who twists and tortures texts 



"Different ways of throwing out words, different ways of explaining texts of 




the scriptures, these are for the enjoyment of the learned, not for freedom." 
Shrotriya, he who knows the secret of the Shrutis, Avrijina, the sinless, and 
Akamahata, unpierced by desire — he who does not want to make money by 
teaching you — he is the Shanta, the Sadhu, who comes as the spring which 
brings the leaves and blossoms to various plants but does not ask anything from 
the plant, for its very nature is to do good. It does good and there it is. Such is 
the Guru, 






— "Who has himself crossed this terrible ocean of life, and without any idea of 
gain to himself, helps others also to cross the ocean." This is the Guru, and 
mark that none else can be a Guru, for 

<t<4WIT: iMti m SRffe flzFTRT ^RTT : 

— "Themselves steeped in darkness, but in the pride of their hearts, thinking 
they know everything, the fools want to help others, and they go round and 
round in many crooked ways, staggering to and fro, and thus like the blind 
leading the blind, both fall into the ditch." Thus say the Vedas. Compare that 
and your present custom. You are Vedantists, you are very orthodox, are you 
not? You are great Hindus and very orthodox. Ay, what I want to do is to make 
you more orthodox. The more orthodox you are, the more sensible; and the 
more you think of modern orthodoxy, the more foolish you are. Go back to 
your old orthodoxy, for in those days every sound that came from these books, 
every pulsation, was out of a strong, steady, and sincere heart; every note was 
true. After that came degradation in art, in science, in religion, in everything, 
national degradation. We have no time to discuss the causes, but all the books 
written about that period breathe of the pestilence — the national decay; 
instead of vigour, only wails and cries. Go back, go back to the old days when 
there was strength and vitality. Be strong once more, drink deep of this 
fountain of yore, and that is the only condition of life in India. 

According to the Advaitist, this individuality which we have today is a 
delusion. This has been a hard nut to crack all over the world. Forthwith you 
tell a man he is not an individual, he is so much afraid that his individuality, 




whatever that may be, will be lost! But the Advaitist says there never has been 
an individuality, you have been changing every moment of your life. You were 
a child and thought in one way, now you are a man and think another way, 
again you will be an old man and think differently. Everybody is changing. If 
so, where is your individuality? Certainly not in the body, or in the mind, or in 
thought. And beyond that is your Atman, and, says the Advaitist, this Atman is 
the Brahman Itself. There cannot be two infinites. There is only one individual 
and it is infinite. In plain words, we are rational beings, and we want to reason. 
And what is reason? More or less of classification, until you cannot go on any 
further. And the finite can only find its ultimate rest when it is classified into 
the infinite. Take up a finite thing and go on analysing it, but you will find rest 
nowhere until you reach the ultimate or infinite, and that infinite, says the 
Advaitist, is what alone exists. Everything else is Maya, nothing else has real 
existence; whatever is of existence in any material thing is this Brahman; we 
are this Brahman, and the shape and everything else is Maya. Take away the 
form and shape, and you and I are all one. But we have to guard against the 
word, "I". Generally people say, "If I am the Brahman, why cannot I do this 
and that?" But this is using the word in a different sense. As soon as you think 
you are bound, no more you are Brahman, the Self, who wants nothing, whose 
light is inside. All His pleasures and bliss are inside; perfectly satisfied with 
Himself, He wants nothing, expects nothing, perfectly fearless, perfectly free. 
That is Brahman. In That we are all one. 

Now this seems, therefore, to be the great point of difference between the 
dualist and the Advaitist. You find even great commentators like 
Shankaracharya making meanings of texts, which, to my mind, sometimes do 
not seem to be justified. Sometimes you find Ramanuja dealing with texts in a 
way that is not very clear. The idea has been even among our Pandits that only 
one of these sects can be true and the rest must be false, although they have the 
idea in the Shrutis, the most wonderful idea that India has yet to give to the 
world: I — "That which exists is One; sages call It by various 

names." That has been the theme, and the working out of the whole of this life- 
problem of the nation is the working out of that theme — 

^tf I Yea, except a very few learned men, I mean, barring a very 
few spiritual men, in India, we always forget this. We forget this great idea, and 
you will find that there are persons among Pandits — I should think ninety- 



eight per cent — who are of opinion that either the Advaitist will be true, or the 
Vishishtadvaitist will be true, or the Dvaitist will be true; and if you go to 
Varanasi, and sit for five minutes in one of the Ghats there, you will have 
demonstration of what I say. You will see a regular bull-fight going on about 
these various sects and things. 

Thus it remains. Then came one whose life was the explanation, whose life was 
the working out of the harmony that is the background of all the different sects 
of India, I mean Ramakrishna Paramahamsa. It is his life that explains that both 
of these are necessary, that they are like the geocentric and the heliocentric 
theories in astronomy. When a child is taught astronomy, he is taught the 
geocentric first, and works out similar ideas of astronomy to the geocentric. But 
when he comes to finer points of astronomy, the heliocentric will be necessary, 
and he will understand it better. Dualism is the natural idea of the senses; as 
long as we are bound by the senses we are bound to see a God who is only 
Personal, and nothing but Personal, we are bound to see the world as it is. Says 
Ramanuja, "So long as you think you are a body, and you think you are a mind, 
and you think you are a Jiva, every act of perception will give you the three — 
Soul, and nature, and something as causing both." But yet, at the same time, 
even the idea of the body disappears where the mind itself becomes finer and 
finer, till it has almost disappeared, when all the different things that make us 
fear, make us weak, and bind us down to this body-life have disappeared. Then 
and then alone one finds out the truth of that grand old teaching. What is the 
teaching? 



#r Slfe inf fir iff fi^f if i 

fit WT # fi& II 

"Even in this life they have conquered the round of birth and death whose 
minds are firm-fixed on the sameness of everything, for God is pure and the 
same to all, and therefore such are said to be living in God." 



m WR. fir ^ 

q THt zufd TO nridT.ll 



"Thus seeing the Lord the same everywhere, he, the sage, does not hurt the Self 
by the self, and so goes to the highest goal." 




Home / Complete- Works / Volume 3 / Lectures from Colombo to Almora / 

« 

ADDRESS OF WELCOME AT ALMORA AND REPLY 

On his arrival at Almora, Swamiji received an Address of Welcome in Hindi 
from the citizens of Almora, of which the following is a translation: 

Great-souled One, 

Since the time we heard that, after gaining spiritual conquest in the West, you 
had started from England for your motherland, India, we were naturally 
desirous of having the pleasure of seeing you. By the grace of the Almighty, 
that auspicious moment has at last come. The saying of the great poet and the 
prince of Bhaktas, Tulasidasa, "A person who intensely loves another is sure to 
find him", has been fully realised today. We have assembled here to welcome 
you with sincere devotion. You have highly obliged us by your kindly taking so 
much trouble in paying a visit to this town again. We can hardly thank you 
enough for your kindness. Blessed are you! Blessed, blessed is the revered 
Gurudeva who initiated you into Yoga. Blessed is the land of Bharata where, 
even in this fearful Kali Yuga, there exist leaders of Aryan races like yourself. 
Even at an early period of life, you have by your simplicity, sincerity, 
character, philanthropy, severe discipline, conduct, and the preaching of 
knowledge, acquired that immaculate fame throughout the world of which we 
feel so proud. 

In truth, you have accomplished that difficult task which no one ever undertook 
in this country since the days of Shri Shankaracharya. Which of us ever dreamt 
that a descendant of the old Indian Aryans, by dint of Tapas, would prove to 
the learned people of England and America the superiority of the ancient Indian 
religion over other creeds? Before the representatives of different religions, 
assembled in the world's Parliament of Religions held in Chicago, you so ably 
advocated the superiority of the ancient religion of India that their eyes were 
opened. In that great assembly, learned speakers defended their respective 
religions in their own way, but you surpassed them all. You completely 
established that no religion can compete with the religion of the Vedas. Not 
only this, but by preaching the ancient wisdom at various places in the 



continents aforesaid, you have attracted many learned men towards the ancient 
Aryan religion and philosophy. In England, too, you have planted the banner of 
the ancient religion, which it is impossible now to remove. 

Up to this time, the modern civilised nations of Europe and America were 
entirely ignorant of the genuine nature of our religion, but you have with our 
spiritual teaching opened their eyes, by which they have come to know that the 
ancient religion, which owing to their ignorance they used to brand "as a 
religion of subtleties of conceited people or a mass of discourses meant for 
fools", is a mine of gems. Certainly, "It is better to have a virtuous and 
accomplished son than to have hundreds of foolish ones"; "It is the moon that 
singly with its light dispels all darkness and not all the stars put together." It is 
only the life of a good and virtuous son like yourself that is really useful to the 
world. Mother India is consoled in her decayed state by the presence of pious 
sons like you. Many have crossed the seas and aimlessly run to and fro, but it 
was only through the reward of your past good Karma that you have proved the 
greatness of our religion beyond the seas. You have made it the sole aim of 
your life by word, thought, and deed, to impart spiritual instruction to 
humanity. You are always ready to give religious instruction. 

We have heard with great pleasure that you intend establishing a Math 
(monastery) here, and we sincerely pray that your efforts in this direction be 
crowned with success. The great Shankaracharya also, after his spiritual 
conquest, established a Math at Badarikashrama in the Himalayas for the 
protection of the ancient religion. Similarly, if your desire is also fulfilled, 

India will be greatly benefited. By the establishment of the Math, we, 
Kumaonese, will derive special spiritual advantages, and we shall not see the 
ancient religion gradually disappearing from our midst. 

From time immemorial, this part of the country has been the land of asceticism. 
The greatest of the Indian sages passed their time in piety and asceticism in this 
land; but that has become a thing of the past. We earnestly hope that by the 
establishment of the Math you will kindly make us realise it again. It was this 
sacred land which enjoyed the celebrity all over India of having true religion, 
Karma, discipline, and fair dealing, all of which seem to have been decaying by 
the efflux of time. And we hope that by your noble exertions this land will 



revert to its ancient religious state. 

We cannot adequately express the joy we have felt at your arrival here. May 
you live long, enjoying perfect health and leading a philanthropic life! May 
your spiritual powers be ever on the increase, so that through your endeavours 
the unhappy state of India may soon disappear! 

Two other addresses were presented, to which the Swami made the following 
brief reply: 

This is the land of dreams of our forefathers, in which was born Parvati, the 
Mother of India. This is the holy land where every ardent soul in India wants to 
come at the end of its life, and to close the last chapter of its mortal career. On 
the tops of the mountains of this blessed land, in the depths of its caves, on the 
banks of its rushing torrents, have been thought out the most wonderful 
thoughts, a little bit of which has drawn so much admiration even from 
foreigners, and which have been pronounced by the most competent of judges 
to be incomparable. This is the land which, since my very childhood, I have 
been dreaming of passing my life in, and as all of you are aware, I have 
attempted again and again to live here; and although the time was not ripe, and 
I had work to do and was whirled outside of this holy place, yet it is the hope of 
my life to end my days somewhere in this Father of Mountains where Rishis 
lived, where philosophy was born. Perhaps, my friends, I shall not be able to do 
it, in the way that I had planned before — how I wish that silence, that 
unknownness would be given to me — yet I sincerely pray and hope, and 
almost believe, that my last days will be spent here, of all places on earth. 

Inhabitants of this holy land, accept my gratitude for the kind praise that has 
fallen from you for my little work in the West. But at the same time, my mind 
does not want to speak of that, either in the East or in the West. As peak after 
peak of this Father of Mountains began to appear before my sight, all the 
propensities to work, that ferment that had been going on in my brain for years, 
seemed to quiet down, and instead of talking about what had been done and 
what was going to be done, the mind reverted to that one eternal theme which 
the Himalayas always teach us, that one theme which is reverberating in the 
very atmosphere of the place, the one theme the murmur of which I hear even 



now in the rushing whirl-pools of its rivers — renunciation ! 



* 4 ' 3*3 3J-TT 

— "Everything in this life is fraught with fear. It is renunciation alone that 
makes one fearless." Yes, this is the land of renunciation. 

The time will not permit me, and the circumstances are not fitting, to speak to 
you fully. I shall have to conclude, therefore, by pointing out to you that the 
Himalayas stand for that renunciation, and the grand lesson we shall ever teach 
to humanity will be renunciation. As our forefathers used to be attracted 
towards it in the latter days of their lives, so strong souls from all quarters of 
this earth, in time to come, will be attracted to this Father of Mountains, when 
all this fight between sects and all those differences in dogmas will not be 
remembered any more, and quarrels between your religion and my religion will 
have vanished altogether, when mankind will understand that there is but one 
eternal religion, and that is the perception of the divine within, and the rest is 
mere froth: such ardent souls will come here knowing that the world is but 
vanity of vanities, knowing that everything is useless except the worship of the 
Lord and the Lord alone. 

Friends, you have been very kind to allude to an idea of mine, which is to start 
a centre in the Himalayas, and perhaps I have sufficiently explained why it 
should be so, why, above all others, this is the spot which I want to select as 
one of the great centres to teach this universal religion. These mountains are 
associated with the best memories of our race; if these Himalayas are taken 
away from the history of religious India, there will be very little left behind. 
Here, therefore, must be one of those centres, not merely of activity, but more 
of calmness, of meditation, and of peace; and I hope some day to realise it. I 
hope also to meet you at other times and have better opportunities of talking to 
you. For the present, let me thank you again for all the kindness that has been 
shown to me, and let me take it as not only kindness shown to me in person, 
but as to one who represents our religion. May it never leave our hearts! May 
we always remain as pure as we are at the present moment, and as enthusiastic 
for spirituality as we are just now! 

» 



Volume 3 / Lectures from Colombo to Almora / 



« 

VEDIC TEACHING IN THEORY AND PRACTICE 

When the Swami's visit was drawing to a close, his friends in Almora invited 
him to give a lecture in Hindi. He consented to make the attempt for the first 
time. He began slowly, and soon warmed to his theme, and found himself 
building his phrases and almost his words as he went along. Those best 
acquainted with the difficulties and limitations of the Hindi language, still 
undeveloped as a medium for oratory, expressed their opinion that a personal 
triumph had been achieved by Swamiji and that he had proved by his masterly 
use of Hindi that the language had in it undreamt-of possibilities of 
development in the direction of oratory. 

Another lecture was delivered at the English Club in English, of which a brief 
summary follows. 

The subject was "Vedic Reaching in Theory and Practice". A short historical 
sketch of the rise of the worship of the tribal God and its spread through 
conquest of other tribes was followed by am account of the Vedas. Their 
nature, character, and teaching were briefly touched upon. Then the Swami 
spoke about the soul, comparing the Western method which seeks for the 
solution of vital and religious mysteries in the outside world, with the Eastern 
method which finding no answer in nature outside turns its inquiry within. He 
justly claimed for his nation the glory of being the discoverers of the 
introspective method peculiar to themselves, and of having given to humanity 
the priceless treasures of spirituality which are the result of that method alone. 
Passing from this theme, naturally so dear to the heart of a Hindu, the Swami 
reached the climax of his power as a spiritual teacher when he described the 
relation of the soul to God, its aspiration after and real unity with God. For 
some time it seemed as though the teacher, his words, his audience, and the 
spirit pervading them all were one. No longer was there any consciousness of 
"I" and "Thou", of "This" or "That". The different units collected there were for 
the time being lost and merged in the spiritual radiance which emanated so 
powerfully from the great teacher and held them all more than spellbound. 

Those that have frequently heard him will recall similar experiences when he 



ceased to be Swami Vivekananda lecturing to critical and attentive hearers, 
when all details and personalities were lost, names and forms disappeared, only 
the Spirit remaining, uniting the speaker, hearer, and the spoken word. 



» 



« 



Home / Complete- Works / Volume 3 / Lectures from Colombo to Almora / 



BHAKTI 

( Delivered at Sialkote, Punjab ) 

In response to invitations from the Punjab and Kashmir, the Swami 
Vivekananda travelled through those parts. He stayed in Kashmir for over a 
month and his work there was very much appreciated by the Maharaja and his 
brothers. He then spent a few days in visiting Murree, Rawalpindi, and Jammu, 
and at each of these places he delivered lectures. Subsequently he visited 
Sialkote and lectured twice, once in English and once in Hindi. The subject of 
the Swamiji's Hindi lecture was Bhakti, a summary of which, translated into 
English, is given below: 

The various religions that exist in the world, although they differ in the form of 
worship they take, are really one. In some places the people build temples and 
worship in them, in some they worship fire, in others they prostrate themselves 
before idols, while there are many who do not believe at all in God. All are 
true, for, if you look to the real spirit, the real religion, and the truths in each of 
them, they are all alike. In some religions God is not worshipped, nay, His 
existence is not believed in, but good and worthy men are worshipped as if they 
were Gods. The example worthy of citation in this case is Buddhism. Bhakti is 
everywhere, whether directed to God or to noble persons. Upasana in the form 
of Bhakti is everywhere supreme, and Bhakti is more easily attained than 
Jnana. The latter requires favourable circumstances and strenuous practice. 
Yoga cannot be properly practiced unless a man is physically very healthy and 
free from all worldly attachments. But Bhakti can be more easily practiced by 
persons in every condition of life. Shandilya Rishi, who wrote about Bhakti, 
says that extreme love for God is Bhakti. Prahlada speaks to the same effect. If 
a man does not get food one day, he is troubled; if his son dies, how agonising 
it is to him! The true Bhakta feels the same pangs in his heart when he yearns 
after God. The great quality of Bhakti is that it cleanses the mind, and the 
firmly established Bhakti for the Supreme Lord is alone sufficient to purify the 
mind. "O God, Thy names are innumerable, but in every name Thy power is 
manifest, and every name is pregnant with deep and mighty significance." We 
should think of God always and not consider time and place for doing so. 



The different names under which God is worshipped are apparently different. 
One thinks that his method of worshipping God is the most efficacious, and 
another thinks that his is the more potent process of attaining salvation. But 
look at the true basis of all, and it is one. The Shaivas call Shiva the most 
powerful; the Vaishnavas hold to their all-powerful Vishnu; the worshippers of 
Devi will not yield to any in their idea that their Devi is the most omnipotent 
power in the universe. Leave inimical thoughts aside if you want to have 
permanent Bhakti. Hatred is a thing which greatly impedes the course of 
Bhakti, and the man who hates none reaches God. Even then the devotion for 
one's own ideal is necessary. Hanuman says, "Vishnu and Rama, I know, are 
one and the same, but after all, the lotus-eyed Rama is my best treasure." The 
peculiar tendencies with which a person is born must remain with him. That is 
the chief reason why the world cannot be of one religion — and God forbid 
that there should be one religion only — for the world would then be a chaos 
and not a cosmos. A man must follow the tendencies peculiar to himself; and if 
he gets a teacher to help him to advance along his own lines, he will progress. 
We should let a person go the way he intends to go, but if we try to force him 
into another path, he will lose what he has already attained and will become 
worthless. As the face of one person does not resemble that of another, so the 
nature of one differs from that of another, and why should he not be allowed to 
act accordingly? A river flows in a certain direction; and if you direct the 
course into a regular channel, the current becomes more rapid and the force is 
increased, but try to divert it from its proper course, and you will see the result; 
the volume as well as the force will be lessened. This life is very important, and 
it, therefore, ought to be guided in the way one's tendency prompts him. In 
India there was no enmity, and every religion was left unmolested; so religion 
has lived. It ought to be remembered that quarrels about religion arise from 
thinking that one alone has the truth and whoever does not believe as one does 
is a fool; while another thinks that the other is a hypocrite, for if he were not 
one, he would follow him. 

If God wished that people should follow one religion, why have so many 
religions sprung up? Methods have been vainly tried to force one religion upon 
everyone. Even when the sword was lifted to make all people follow one 
religion, history tells us that ten religions sprang up in its place. One religion 



cannot suit all. Man is the product of two forces, action and reaction, which 
make him think. If such forces did not exercise a man's mind, he would be 
incapable of thinking. Man is a creature who thinks; Manushya (man) is a 
being with Manas (mind); and as soon as his thinking power goes, he becomes 
no better than an animal. Who would like such a man? God forbid that any 
such state should come upon the people of India. Variety in unity is necessary 
to keep man as man. Variety ought to be preserved in everything; for as long as 
there is variety the world will exist. Of course variety does not merely mean 
that one is small and the other is great; but if all play their parts equally well in 
their respective position in life, the variety is still preserved. In every religion 
there have been men good and able, thus making the religion to which they 
belonged worthy of respect; and as there are such people in every religion, 
there ought to be no hatred for any sect whatsoever. 

Then the question may be asked, should we respect that religion which 
advocates vice? The answer will be certainly in the negative, and such a 
religion ought to be expelled at once, because it is productive of harm. All 
religion is to be based upon morality, and personal purity is to be counted 
superior to Dharma. In this connection it ought to be known that Achara means 
purity inside and outside. External purity can be attained by cleansing the body 
with water and other things which are recommended in the Shastras. The 
internal man is to be purified by not speaking falsehood, by not drinking, by 
not doing immoral acts, and by doing good to others. If you do not commit any 
sin, if you do not tell lies, if you do not drink, gamble, or commit theft, it is 
good. But that is only your duty and you cannot be applauded for it. Some 
service to others is also to be done. As you do good to yourself, so you must do 
good to others. 

Here I shall say something about food regulations. All the old customs have 
faded away, and nothing but a vague notion of not eating with this man and not 
eating; with that man has been left among our countrymen. Purity by touch is 
the only relic left of the good rules laid down hundreds of years ago. Three 
kinds of food are forbidden in the Shastras. First, the food that is by its very 
nature defective, as garlic or onions. If a man eats too much of them it creates 
passion, and he may be led to commit immoralities, hateful both to God and 
man. Secondly, food contaminated by external impurities. We ought to select 



some place quite neat and clean in which to keep our food. Thirdly, we should 
avoid eating food touched by a wicked man, because contact with such 
produces bad ideas in us. Even if one be a son of a Brahmin, but is profligate 
and immoral in his habits, we should not eat food from his hands. 

But the spirit of these observances is gone. What is left is this, that we cannot 
eat from the hands of any man who is not of the highest caste, even though he 
be the most wise and holy person. The disregard of those old rules is ever to be 
found in the confectioner's shop. If you look there, you will find flies hovering 
all over the confectionery, and the dust from the road blowing upon the 
sweet-meats, and the confectioner himself in a dress that is not very clean and 
neat. Purchasers should declare with one voice that they will not buy sweets 
unless they are kept in glass-cases in the Halwai's shop. That would have the 
salutary effect of preventing flies from conveying cholera and other plague 
germs to the sweets. We ought to improve, but instead of improving we have 
gone back. Manu says that we should not spit in water, but we throw all sorts of 
filth into the rivers. Considering all these things we find that the purification of 
one's outer self is very necessary. The Shastrakaras knew that very well. But 
now the real spirit of this observance of purity about food is lost and the letter 
only remains. Thieves, drunkards, and criminals can be our caste-fellows, but if 
a good and noble man eats food with a person of a lower caste, who is quite as 
respectable as himself, he will be outcasted and lost for ever. This custom has 
been the bane of our country. It ought, therefore, to be distinctly understood 
that sin is incurred by coming in contact with sinners, and nobility in the 
company of good persons; and keeping aloof from the wicked is the external 
purification. 

The internal purification is a task much more severe. It consists in speaking the 
truth, sensing the poor, helping the needy, etc. Do we always speak the truth? 
What happens is often this. People go to the house of a rich person for some 
business of their own and flatter him by calling him benefactor of the poor and 
so forth, even though that man may cut the throat of a poor man coming to his 
house. What is this? Nothing but falsehood. And it is this that pollutes the 
mind. It is therefore, truly said that whatever a man says who has purified his 
inner self for twelve years without entertaining a single vicious idea during that 
period is sure to come true. This is the power of truth, and one who has 



cleansed both the inner and the outer self is alone capable of Bhakti. But the 
beauty is that Bhakti itself cleanses the mind to a great extent. Although the 
Jews, Mohammedans, and Christians do not set so much importance upon the 
excessive external purification of the body as the Hindus do, still they have it in 
some form or other; they find that to a certain extent it is always required. 
Among the Jews, idol- worship is condemned, but they had a temple in which 
was kept a chest which they called an ark, in which the Tables of the Law were 
preserved, and above the chest were two figures of angels with wings 
outstretched, between which the Divine Presence was supposed to manifest 
itself as a cloud. That temple has long since been destroyed, but the new 
temples are made exactly after the old fashion, and in the chest religious books 
are kept. The Roman Catholics and the Greek Christians have idol- worship in 
certain forms. The image of Jesus and that of his mother are worshipped. 
Among Protestants there is no idol- worship, yet they worship God in a personal 
form, which may be called idol-worship in another form. Among Parsees and 
Iranians fire-worship is carried on to a great extent. Among Mohammedans the 
prophets and great and noble persons are worshipped, and they turn their faces 
towards the Caaba when they pray. These things show that men at the first 
stage of religious development have to make use of something external, and 
when the inner self becomes purified they turn to more abstract conceptions. 
"When the Jiva is sought to be united with Brahman it is best, when meditation 
is practiced it is mediocre, repetition of names is the lowest form, and external 
worship is the lowest of the low." But it should be distinctly understood that 
even in practicing the last there is no sin. Everybody ought to do what he is 
able to do; and if he be dissuaded from that, he will do it in some other way in 
order to attain his end. So we should not speak ill of a man who worships idols. 
He is in that stage of growth, and, therefore, must have them; wise men should 
try to help forward such men and get them to do better. But there is no use in 
quarrelling about these various sorts of worship. 

Some persons worship God for the sake of obtaining wealth, others because 
they want to have a son, and they think themselves Bhagavatas (devotees). This 
is no Bhakti, and they are not true Bhagavatas. When a Sadhu comes who 
professes that he can make gold, they run to him, and they still consider 
themselves Bhagavatas. It is not Bhakti if we worship God with the desire for a 
son; it is not Bhakti if we worship with the desire to be rich; it is not Bhakti 



even if we have a desire for heaven; it is not Bhakti if a man worships with the 
desire of being saved from the tortures of hell. Bhakti is not the outcome of fear 
or greediness. He is the true Bhagavata who says, "O God, I do not want a 
beautiful wife, I do not want knowledge or salvation. Let me be born and die 
hundreds of times. What I want is that I should be ever engaged in Thy 
service." It is at this stage — and when a man sees God in everything, and 
everything in God — that he attains perfect Bhakti. It is then that he sees 
Vishnu incarnated in everything from the microbe to Brahma, and it is then that 
he sees God manifesting Himself in everything, it is then that he feels that there 
is nothing without God, and it is then and then alone that thinking himself to be 
the most insignificant of all beings he worships God with the true spirit of a 
Bhakta. He then leaves Tirthas and external forms of worship far behind him, 
he sees every man to be the most perfect temple. 

Bhakti is described in several ways in the Shastras. We say that God is our 
Father. In the same way we call Him Mother, and so on. These relationships 
are conceived in order to strengthen Bhakti in us, and they make us feel nearer 
and dearer to God. Hence these names are justifiable in one way, and that is 
that the words are simply words of endearment, the outcome of the fond love 
which a true Bhagavata feels for God. Take the story of Radha and Krishna in 
Rasalila. The story simply exemplifies the true spirit of a Bhakta, because no 
love in the world exceeds that existing between a man and a woman. When 
there is such intense love, there is no fear, no other attachment save that one 
which binds that pair in an inseparable and all-absorbing bond. But with regard 
to parents, love is accompanied with fear due to the reverence we have for 
them. Why should we care whether God created anything or not, what have we 
to do with the fact that He is our preserver? He is only our Beloved, and we 
should adore Him devoid all thoughts of fear. A man loves God only when he 
has no other desire, when he thinks of nothing else and when he is mad after 
Him. That love which a man has for his beloved can illustrate the love we 
ought to have for God. Krishna is the God and Radha loves Him; read those 
books which describe that story, and then you can imagine the way you should 
love God. But how many understand this? How can people who are vicious to 
their very core and have no idea of what morality is understand all this? When 
people drive all sorts of worldly thoughts from their minds and live in a clear 
moral and spiritual atmosphere, it is then that they understand the abstrusest of 



thoughts even if they be uneducated. But how few are there of that nature! 
There is not a single religion which cannot be perverted by man. For example, 
he may think that the Atman is quite separate from the body, and so, when 
committing sins with the body his Atman is unaffected. If religions were truly 
followed, there would not have been a single man, whether Hindu, 
Mohammedan, or Christian, who would not have been all purity. But men are 
guided by their own nature, whether good or bad; there is no gainsaying that. 
But in the world, there are always some who get intoxicated when they hear of 
God, and shed tears of joy when they read of God. Such men are true Bhaktas. 

At the initial stage of religious development a man thinks of God as his Master 
and himself as His servant. He feels indebted to Him for providing for his daily 
wants, and so forth. Put such thoughts aside. There is but one attractive power, 
and that is God; and it is in obedience to that attractive power that the sun and 
the moon and everything else move. Everything in this world, whether good or 
bad, belongs to God. Whatever occurs in our life, whether good or bad, is 
bringing us to Him. One man kills another because of some selfish purpose. 

But the motive behind is love, whether for himself or for any one else. Whether 
we do good or evil, the propeller is love. When a tiger kills a buffalo, it is 
because he or his cubs are hungry. 

God is love personified. He is apparent in everything. Everybody is being 
drawn to Him whether he knows it or not. When a woman loves her husband, 
she does not understand that it is the divine in her husband that is the great 
attractive power. The God of Love is the one thing to be worshipped. So long 
as we think of Him only as the Creator and Preserver, we can offer Him 
external worship, but when we get beyond all that and think Him to be Love 
Incarnate, seeing Him in all things and all things in Him, it is then that supreme 
Bhakti is attained. 



» 



« 



Home / Complete- Works / Volume 3 / Lectures from Colombo to Almora / 



THE COMMON BASES OF HINDUISM 

On his arrival at Lahore the Swamiji was accorded a grand reception by the 

/V 

leaders, both of the Ary a Samaj and of the Sanatana Dharma Sabha. During his 
brief stay in Lahore, Swamiji delivered three lectures. The first of these was on 
"The Common Bases of Hinduism", the second on "Bhakti" , and the third one 
was the famous lecture on "The Vedanta" . On the first Occasion he spoke as 
follows: 

/V 

This is the land which is held to be the holiest even in holy Aryavarta; this is 
the Brahmavarta of which our great Manu speaks. This is the land from whence 
arose that mighty aspiration after the Spirit, ay, which in times to come, as 
history shows, is to deluge the world. This is the land where, like its mighty 
rivers, spiritual aspirations have arisen and joined their strength, till they 
travelled over the length and breadth of the world and declared themselves with 
a voice of thunder. This is the land which had first to bear the brunt of all 
inroads and invasions into India; this heroic land had first to bare its bosom to 
every onslaught of the outer barbarians into Aryavarta. This is the land which, 
after all its sufferings, has not yet entirely lost its glory and its strength. Here it 
was that in later times the gentle Nanak preached his marvellous love for the 
world. Here it was that his broad heart was opened and his arms outstretched to 
embrace the whole world, not only of Hindus, but of Mohammedans too. Here 
it was that one of the last and one of the most glorious heroes of our race, Guru 
Govinda Singh, after shedding his blood and that of his dearest and nearest for 
the cause of religion, even when deserted by those for whom this blood was 
shed, retired into the South to die like a wounded lion struck to the heart, 
without a word against his country, without a single word of murmur. 

Here, in this ancient land of ours, children of the land of five rivers, I stand 
before you, not as a teacher, for I know very little to teach, but as one who has 
come from the east to exchange words of greeting with the brothers of the west, 
to compare notes. Here am I, not to find out differences that exist among us, 
but to find where we agree. Here am I trying to understand on what ground we 
may always remain brothers, upon what foundations the voice that has spoken 



from eternity may become stronger and stronger as it grows. Here am I trying 
to propose to you something of constructive work and not destructive. For 
criticism the days are past, and we are waiting for constructive work. The 
world needs, at times, criticisms even fierce ones; but that is only for a time, 
and the work for eternity is progress and construction, and not criticism and 
destruction. For the last hundred years or so, there has been a flood of criticism 
all over this land of ours, where the full play of Western science has been let 
loose upon all the dark spots, and as a result the corners and the holes have 
become much more prominent than anything else. Naturally enough there arose 
mighty intellects all over the land, great and glorious, with the love of truth and 
justice in their hearts, with the love of their country, and above all, an intense 
love for their religion and their God; and because these mighty souls felt so 
deeply, because they loved so deeply, they criticised everything they thought 
was wrong. Glory unto these mighty spirits of the past! They have done so 
much good; but the voice of the present day is coming to us, telling, "Enough!" 
There has been enough of criticism, there has been enough of fault-finding, the 
time has come for the rebuilding, the reconstructing; the time has come for us 
to gather all our scattered forces, to concentrate them into one focus, and 
through that, to lead the nation on its onward march, which for centuries almost 
has been stopped. The house has been cleansed; let it be inhabited anew. The 
road has been cleared. March children of the Aryans! 

Gentlemen, this is the motive that brings me before you, and at the start I may 
declare to you that I belong to no party and no sect. They are all great and 
glorious to me, I love them all, and all my life I have been attempting to find 
what is good and true in them. Therefore, it is my proposal tonight to bring 
before you points where we are agreed, to find out, if we can, a ground of 
agreement; and if through the grace of the Lord such a state of things be 
possible, let us take it up, and from theory carry it out into practice. We are 
Hindus. I do not use the word Hindu in any bad sense at all, nor do I agree with 
those that think there is any bad meaning in it. In old times, it simply meant 
people who lived on the other side of the Indus; today a good many among 
those who hate us may have put a bad interpretation upon it, but names are 
nothing. Upon us depends whether the name Hindu will stand for everything 
that is glorious, everything that is spiritual, or whether it will remain a name of 
opprobrium, one designating the downtrodden, the worthless, the heathen. If at 



present the word Hindu means anything bad, never mind; by our action let us 
be ready to show that this is the highest word that any language can invent. It 
has been one of the principles of my life not to be ashamed of my own 
ancestors. I am one of the proudest men ever born, but let me tell you frankly, 
it is not for myself, but on account of my ancestry. The more I have studied the 
past, the more I have looked back, more and more has this pride come to me, 
and it has given me the strength and courage of conviction, raised me up from 
the dust of the earth, and set me working out that great plan laid out by those 
great ancestors of ours. Children of those ancient Aryans, through the grace of 
the Lord may you have the same pride, may that faith in your ancestors come 
into your blood, may it become a part and parcel of your lives, may it work 
towards the salvation of the world! 

Before trying to find out the precise point where we are all agreed, the common 
ground of our national life, one thing we must remember. Just as there is an 
individuality in every man, so there is a national individuality. As one man 
differs from another in certain particulars, in certain characteristics of his own, 
so one race differs from another in certain peculiar characteristics; and just as it 
is the mission of every man to fulfil a certain purpose in the economy of nature, 
just as there is a particular line set out for him by his own past Karma, so it is 
with nations — each nation has a destiny to fulfil, each nation has a message to 
deliver, each nation has a mission to accomplish. Therefore, from the very start, 
we must have to understand the mission of our own race, the destiny it has to 
fulfil, the place it has to occupy in the march of nations, the note which it has to 
contribute to the harmony of races. In our country, when children, we hear 
stories how some serpents have jewels in their heads, and whatever one may do 
with the serpent, so long as the jewel is there, the serpent cannot be killed. We 
hear stories of giants and ogres who had souls living in certain little birds, and 
so long as the bird was safe, there was no power on earth to kill these giants; 
you might hack them to pieces, or do what you liked to them, the giants could 
not die. So with nations, there is a certain point where the life of a nation 
centres, where lies the nationality of the nation, and until that is touched, the 
nation cannot die. In the light of this we can understand the most marvellous 
phenomenon that the history of the world has ever known. Wave after wave of 
Barbarian conquest has rolled over this devoted land of ours. "Allah Ho 
Akbar!" has rent the skies for hundreds of years, and no Hindu knew what 



moment would be his last. This is the most suffering and the most subjugated 
of all the historic lands of the world. Yet we still stand practically the same 
race, ready to face difficulties again and again if necessary; and not only so, of 
late there have been signs that we are not only strong, but ready to go out, for 
the sign of life is expansion. 

We find today that our ideas and thoughts are no more cooped up within the 
bounds of India, but whether we will it or not, they are marching outside, 
filtering into the literature of nations, taking their place among nations, and in 
some, even getting a commanding dictatorial position. Behind this we find the 
explanation that the great contribution to the sum total of the world's progress 
from India is the greatest, the noblest, the sublimest theme that can occupy the 
mind of man — it is philosophy and spirituality. Our ancestors tried many other 
things; they, like other nations, first went to bring out the secrets of external 
nature as we all know, and with their gigantic brains that marvellous race could 
have done miracles in that line of which the world could have been proud for 
ever. But they gave it up for something higher; something better rings out from 
the pages of the Vedas: "That science is the greatest which makes us know Him 
who never changes!" The science of nature, changeful, evanescent, the world 
of death, of woe, of misery, may be great, great indeed; but the science of Him 
who changes not, the Blissful One, where alone is peace, where alone is life 
eternal, where alone is perfection, where alone all misery ceases — that, 
according to our ancestors, was the sublimest science of all. After all, sciences 
that can give us only bread and clothes and power over our fellowmen, sciences 
that can teach us only how to conquer our fellow-beings, to rule over them, 
which teach the strong to domineer over the weak — those they could have 
discovered if they willed. But praise be unto the Lord, they caught at once the 
other side, which was grander, infinitely higher, infinitely more blissful, till it 
has become the national characteristic, till it has come down to us, inherited 
from father to son for thousands of years, till it has become a part and parcel of 
us, till it tingles in every drop of blood that runs through our veins, till it has 
become our second nature, till the name of religion and Hindu have become 
one. This is the national characteristic, and this cannot be touched. Barbarians 
with sword and fire, barbarians bringing barbarous religions, not one of them 
could touch the core, not one could touch the "jewel", not one had the power to 
kill the "bird" which the soul of the race inhabited. This, therefore, is the 



vitality of I the race, and so long as that remains, there is no power under the 
sun that can kill the race. All the tortures and miseries of the world will pass 
over without hurting us, and we shall come out of the flames like Prahlada, so 
long as we hold on to this grandest of all our inheritances, spirituality. If a 
Hindu is not spiritual I do not call him a Hindu. In other countries a man may 
be political first, and then he may have a little religion, but here in India the 
first and the foremost duty of our lives is to be spiritual first, and then, if there 
is time, let other things come. Bearing this in mind we shall be in a better 
position to understand why, for our national welfare, we must first seek out at 
the present day all the spiritual forces of the race, as was done in days of yore 
and will be done in all times to come. National union in India must be a 
gathering up of its scattered spiritual forces. A nation in India must be a union 
of those whose hearts beat to the same spiritual tune. 

There have been sects enough in this country. There are sects enough, and there 
will be enough in the future, because this has been the peculiarity of our 
religion that in abstract principles so much latitude has been given that, 
although afterwards so much detail has been worked out, all these details are 
the working out of principles, broad as the skies above our heads, eternal as 
nature herself. Sects, therefore, as a matter of course, must exist here, but what 
need not exist is sectarian quarrel. Sects must be but sectarianism need not. The 
world would not be the better for sectarianism, but the world cannot move on 
without having sects. One set of men cannot do everything. The almost infinite 
mass of energy in the world cannot tie managed by a small number of people. 
Here, at once we see the necessity that forced this division of labour upon us — 
the division into sects. For the use of spiritual forces let there be sects; but is 
there any need that we should quarrel when our most ancient books declare that 
this differentiation is only apparent, that in spite of all these differences there is 
a thread of harmony, that beautified unity, running through them all? Our most 
ancient books have declared: ^-ff — "That which exists is One; 

sages call Him by various names." Therefore, if there are these sectarian 
struggles, if there are these fights among the different sects, if there is jealousy 
and hatred between the different sects in India, the land where all sects have 
always been honoured, it is a shame on us who dare to call ourselves the 
descendants of those fathers. 



There are certain great principles in which, I think, we — whether Vaishnavas, 
Shaivas, Shaktas, or Ganapatyas, whether belonging to the ancient Vedantists 
or the modern ones, whether belonging to the old rigid sects or the modern 
reformed ones — are all one, and whoever calls himself a Hindu, believes in 
these principles. Of course there is a difference in the interpretation, in the 
explanation of these principles, and that difference should be there, and it 
should be allowed, for our standard is not to bind every man down to our 
position. It would be a sin to force every man to work out our own 
interpretation of things, and to live by our own methods. Perhaps all who are 
here will agree on the first point that we believe the Vedas to be the eternal 
teachings of the secrets of religion. We all believe that this holy literature is 
without beginning and without end, coeval with nature, which is without 
beginning and without end; and that all our religious differences, all our 
religious struggles must end when we stand in the presence of that holy book; 
we are all agreed that this is the last court of appeal in all our spiritual 
differences. We may take different points of view as to what the Vedas are. 
There may be one sect which regards one portion as more sacred than another, 
but that matters little so long as we say that we are all brothers in the Vedas, 
that out of these venerable, eternal, marvellous books has come everything that 
we possess today, good, holy, and pure. Well, therefore, if we believe in all 
this, let this principle first of all be preached broadcast throughout the length 
and breadth of the land. If this be true, let the Vedas have that prominence 
which they always deserve, and which we all believe in. First, then, the Vedas. 
The second point we all believe in is God, the creating, the preserving power of 
the whole universe, and unto whom it periodically returns to come out at other 
periods and manifest this wonderful phenomenon, called the universe. We may 
differ as to our conception of God. One may believe in a God who is entirely 
personal, another may believe in a God who is personal and yet not human, and 
yet another may believe in a God who is entirely impersonal, and all may get 
their support from the Vedas. Still we are all believers in God; that is to say, 
that man who does not believe in a most marvellous Infinite Power from which 
everything has come, in which everything lives, and to which everything must 
in the end return, cannot be called a Hindu. If that be so, let us try to preach 
that idea all over the land. Preach whatever conception you have to give, there 
is no difference, we are not going to fight over it, but preach God; that is all we 
want. One idea may be better than another, but, mind you, not one of them is 



bad. One is good, another is better, and again another may be the best, but the 
word bad does not enter the category of our religion. Therefore, may the Lord 
bless them all who preach the name of God in whatever form they like! The 
more He is preached, the better for this race. Let our children be brought up in 
this idea, let this idea enter the homes of the poorest and the lowest, as well as 
of the richest and the highest — the idea of the name of God. 

The third idea that I will present before you is that, unlike all other races of the 
world, we do not believe that this world was created only so many thousand 
years ago, and is going to be destroyed eternally on a certain day. Nor do we 
believe that the human soul has been created along with this universe just out 
of nothing. Here is another point I think we are all able to agree upon. We 
believe in nature being without beginning and without end; only at 
psychological periods this gross material of the outer universe goes back to its 
finer state, thus to remain for a certain period, again to be projected outside to 
manifest all this infinite panorama we call nature. This wavelike motion was 
going on even before time began, through eternity, and will remain for an 
infinite period of time. 

Next, all Hindus believe that man is not only a gross material body; not only 
that within this there is the finer body, the mind, but there is something yet 
greater — for the body changes and so does the mind — something beyond, the 
Atman — I cannot translate the word to you for any translation will be wrong 
— that there is something beyond even this fine body, which is the Atman of 
man, which has neither beginning nor end, which knows not what death is. And 
then this peculiar idea, different from that of all other races of men, that this 
Atman inhabits body after body until there is no more interest for it to continue 
to do so, and it becomes free, not to be born again, I refer to the theory of 
Samsara and the theory of eternal souls taught by our Shastras. This is another 
point where we all agree, whatever sect we may belong to. There may be 
differences as to the relation between the soul and God. According to one sect 
the soul may be eternally different from God, according to another it may be a 
spark of that infinite fire, yet again according to others it may be one with that 
Infinite. It does not matter what our interpretation is, so long as we hold on to 
the one basic belief that the soul is infinite, that this soul was never created, and 
therefore will never die, that it had to pass and evolve into various bodies, till it 



attained perfection in the human one — in that we are all agreed. And then 
comes the most differentiating, the grandest, and the most wonderful discovery 
in the realms of spirituality that has ever been made. Some of you, perhaps, 
who have been studying Western thought, may have observed already that 
there is another radical difference severing at one stroke all that is Western 
from all that is Eastern. It is this that we hold, whether we are Shaktas, Sauras, 
or Vaishnavas, even whether we are Bauddhas or Jainas, we all hold in India 
that the soul is by its nature pure and perfect, infinite in power and blessed. 
Only, according to the dualist, this natural blissfulness of the soul has become 
contracted by past bad work, and through the grace of God it is again going to 
open out and show its perfection; while according to the monist, even this idea 
of contraction is a partial mistake, it is the veil of Maya that causes us to think 
the, soul has lost its powers, but the powers are there fully manifest. Whatever 
the difference may be, we come to the central core, and there is at once an 
irreconcilable difference between all that is Western and Eastern. The Eastern 
is looking inward for all that is great and good. When we worship, we close our 
eyes and try to find God within. The Western is looking up outside for his God. 
To the Western their religious books have been inspired, while with us our 
books have been expired; breath-like they came, the breath of God, out of the 
hearts of sages they sprang, the Mantra-drashtas. 

This is one great point to understand, and, my friends, my brethren, let me tell 
you, this is the one point we shall have to insist upon in the future. For I am 
firmly convinced, and I beg you to understand this one fact - no good comes 
out of the man who day and night thinks he is nobody. If a man, day and night, 
thinks he is miserable, low, and nothing, nothing he becomes. If you say yea, 
yea, "I am, I am", so shall you be; and if you say "I am not", think that you are 
not, and day and night meditate upon the fact that you are nothing, ay, nothing 
shall you be. That is the great fact which you ought to remember. We are the 
children of the Almighty, we are sparks of the infinite, divine fire. How can we 
be nothings? We are everything, ready to do everything, we can do everything, 
and man must do everything. This faith in themselves was in the hearts of our 
ancestors, this faith in themselves was the motive power that pushed them 
forward and forward in the march of civilisation; and if there has been 
degeneration, if there has been defect, mark my words, you will find that 
degradation to have started on the day our people lost this faith in themselves. 



Losing faith in one's self means losing faith in God. Do you believe in that 
infinite, good Providence working in and through you? If you believe that this 
Omnipresent One, the Antaryamin, is present in every atom, is through and 
through, Ota-prota, as the Sanskrit word goes, penetrating your body, mind and 
soul, how can you lose, heart? I may be a little bubble of water, and you may 
be a mountain-high wave. Never mind! The infinite ocean is the background of 
me as well as of you. Mine also is that infinite ocean of life, of power, of 
spirituality, as well as yours. I am already joined — from my very birth, from 
the very fact of my life — I am in Yoga with that infinite life and infinite 
goodness and infinite power, as you are, mountain-high though you may be. 
Therefore, my brethren, teach this life-saving, great, ennobling, grand doctrine 
to your children, even from their very birth. You need not teach them 
Advaitism; teach them Dvaitism, or any "ism" you please, but we have seen 
that this is the common "ism" all through India; this marvellous doctrine of the 
soul, the perfection of the soul, is commonly believed in by all sects. As says 
our great philosopher Kapila, if purity has not been the nature of the soul, it can 
never attain purity afterwards, for anything that was not perfect by nature, even 
if it attained to perfection, that perfection would go away again. If impurity is 
the nature of man, then man will have to remain impure, even though he may 
be pure for five minutes. The time will come when this purity will wash out, 
pass away, and the old natural impurity will have its sway once more. 
Therefore, say all our philosophers, good is our nature, perfection is our nature, 
not imperfection, not impurity — and we should remember that. Remember the 
beautiful example of the great sage who, when he was dying, asked his mind to 
remember all his mighty deeds and all his mighty thoughts. There you do not 
find that he was teaching his mind to remember all his weaknesses and all his 
follies. Follies there are, weakness there must be, but remember your real 
nature always — that is the only way to cure the weakness, that is the only way 
to cure the follies. 

It seems that these few points are common among all the various religious sects 
in India, and perhaps in future upon this common platform, conservative and 
liberal religionists, old type and new type, may shake bands. Above all, there is 
another thing to remember, which I am sorry we forget from time to time, that 
religion, in India, means realisation and nothing short of that. "Believe in the 
doctrine, and you are safe", can never be taught to us, for we do not believe in 



that. You are what you make yourselves. You are, by the grace of God and 
your own exertions, what you are. Mere believing in certain theories and 
doctrines will not help you much. The mighty word that came out from the sky 
of spirituality in India was Anubhuti, realisation, and ours are the only books 
which declare again and again: "The Lord is to be seen ". Bold, brave words 
indeed, but true to their very core; every sound, every vibration is true. 

Religion is to be realised, not only heard; it is not in learning some doctrine like 
a parrot. Neither is it mere intellectual assent — that is nothing; but it must 
come into us. Ay, and therefore the greatest proof that we have of the existence 
of a God is not because our reason says so, but because God has been seen by 
the ancients as well as by the moderns. We believe in the soul not only because 
there are good reasons to prove its existence, but, above all, because there have 
been in the past thousands in India, there are still many who have realised, and 
there will be thousands in the future who will realise and see their own souls. 
And there is no salvation for man until he sees God, realises his own soul. 
Therefore, above all, let us understand this, and the more we understand it the 
less we shall have of sectarianism in India, for it is only that man who has 
realised God and seen Him, who is religious. In him the knots have been cut 
asunder, in him alone the doubts have subsided; he alone has become free from 
the fruits of action who has seen Him who is nearest of the near and farthest of 
the far. Ay, we often mistake mere prattle for religious truth, mere intellectual 
perorations for great spiritual realisation, and then comes sectarianism, then 
comes fight. If we once understand that this realisation is the only religion, we 
shall look into our own hearts and find how far we are towards realising the 
truths of religion. Then we shall understand that we ourselves are groping in 
darkness, and are leading others to grope in the same darkness, then we shall 
cease from sectarianism, quarrel, arid fight. Ask a man who wants to start a 
sectarian fight, "Have you seen God? Have you seen the Atman? If you have 
not, what right have you to preach His name — you walking in darkness trying 
to lead me into the same darkness — the blind leading the blind, and both 
falling into the ditch?" 

Therefore, take more thought before you go and find fault with others. Let 
them follow their own path to realisation so long as they struggle to see truth in 
their own hearts; and when the broad, naked truth will be seen, then they will 
find that wonderful blissfulness which marvellously enough has been testified 



to by every seer in India, by every one who has realised the truth. Then words 
of love alone will come out of that heart, for it has already been touched by 
Him who is the essence of Love Himself. Then and then alone, all sectarian 
quarrels will cease, and we shall be in a position to understand, to bring to our 
hearts, to embrace, to intensely love the very word Hindu and every one who 
bears that name. Mark me, then and then alone you are a Hindu when the very 
name sends through you a galvanic shock of strength. Then and then alone you 
are a Hindu when every man who bears the name, from any country, speaking 
our language or any other language, becomes at once the nearest and the 
dearest to you. Then and then alone you are a Hindu when the distress of 
anyone bearing that name comes to your heart and makes you feel as if your 
own son were in distress. Then and then alone you are a Hindu when you will 
be ready to bear everything for them, like the great example I have quoted at 
the beginning of this lecture, of your great Guru Govind Singh. Driven out 
from this country, fighting against its oppressors, after having shed his own 
blood for the defence of the Hindu religion, after having seen his children 
killed on the battlefield — ay, this example of the great Guru, left even by 
those for whose sake he was shedding his blood and the blood of his own 
nearest and dearest — he, the wounded lion, retired from the field calmly to die 
in the South, but not a word of curse escaped his lips against those who had 
ungratefully forsaken him! Mark me, every one of you will have to be a 
Govind Singh, if you want to do good to your country. You may see thousands 
of defects in your countrymen, but mark their Hindu blood. They are the first 
Gods you will have to worship even if they do everything to hurt you, even if 
everyone of them send out a curse to you, you send out to them words of love. 
If they drive you out, retire to die in silence like that mighty lion, Govind 
Singh. Such a man is worthy of the name of Hindu; such an ideal ought to be 
before us always. All our hatchets let us bury; send out this grand current of 
love all round. 

Let them talk of India's regeneration as they like. Let me tell you as one who 
has been working — at least trying to work — all his life, that there is no 
regeneration for India until you be spiritual. Not only so, but upon it depends 
the welfare of the whole world. For I must tell you frankly that the very 
foundations of Western civilisation have been shaken to their base. The 
mightiest buildings, if built upon the loose sand foundations of materialism, 



must come to grief one day, must totter to their destruction some day. The 
history of the world is our witness. Nation after nation has arisen and based its 
greatness upon materialism, declaring man was all matter. Ay, in Western 
language, a man gives up the ghost, but in our language a man gives up his 
body. The Western man is a body first, and then he has a soul; with us a man is 
a soul and spirit, and he has a body. Therein lies a world of difference. All such 
civilisations, therefore, as have been based upon such sand foundations as 
material comfort and all that, have disappeared one after another, after short 
lives, from the face of the world; but the civilisation of India and the other 
nations that have stood at India's feet to listen and learn, namely, Japan and 
China, live even to the present day, and there are signs even of revival among 
them. Their lives are like that of the Phoenix, a thousand times destroyed, but 
ready to spring up again more glorious. But a materialistic civilisation once 
dashed down, never can come up again; that building once thrown down is 
broken into pieces once for all. Therefore have patience and wait, the future is 
in store for us. 

Do not be in a hurry, do not go out to imitate anybody else. This is another 
great lesson we have to remember; imitation is not civilisation. I may deck 
myself out in a Raja's dress, but will that make me a Raja? An ass in a lion's 
skin never makes a lion. Imitation, cowardly imitation, never makes for 
progress. It is verily the sign of awful degradation in a man. Ay, when a man 
has begun to hate himself, then the last blow has come. When a man has begun 
to be ashamed of his ancestors, the end has come. Here am I, one of the least of 
the Hindu race, yet proud of my race, proud of my ancestors. I am proud to call 
myself a Hindu, I am proud that I am one of your unworthy servants. I am 
proud that I am a countryman of yours, you the descendants of the sages, you 
the descendants of the most glorious Rishis the world ever saw. Therefore have 
faith in yourselves, be proud of your ancestors, instead of being ashamed of 
them. And do not imitate, do not imitate! Whenever you are under the thumb of 
others, you lose your own independence. If you are working, even in spiritual 
things, at the dictation of others, slowly you lose all faculty, even of thought. 
Bring out through your own exertions what you have, but do not imitate, yet 
take what is good from others. We have to learn from others. You put the seed 
in the ground, and give it plenty of earth, and air, and water to feed upon; when 
the seed grows into the plant and into a gigantic tree, does it become the earth, 



does it become the air, or does it become the water? It becomes the mighty 
plant, the mighty tree, after its own nature, having absorbed everything that 
was given to it. Let that be your position. We have indeed many things to learn 
from others, yea, that man who refuses to learn is already dead. Declares our 
Manu: 



3-^.Sh m fei i if vjtf i 

— "Take the jewel of a woman for your wife, though she be of inferior descent. 
Learn supreme knowledge with service even from the man of low birth; and 
even from the Chandala, learn by serving him the way to salvation." Learn 
everything that is good from others, but bring it in, and in your own way absorb 
it; do not become others. Do not be dragged away out of this Indian life; do not 
for a moment think that it would be better for India if all the Indians dressed, 
ate, and behaved like another race. You know the difficulty of giving up a habit 
of a few years. The Lord knows how many thousands of years are in your 
blood; this national specialised life has been flowing in one way, the Lord 
knows for how many thousands of years; and do you mean to say that that 
mighty stream, which has nearly reached its ocean, can go back to the snows of 
its Himalayas again? That is impossible! The struggle to do so would only 
break it. Therefore, make way for the life-current of the nation. Take away the 
blocks that bar the way to the progress of this mighty river, cleanse its path, 
dear the channel, and out it will rush by its own natural impulse, and the nation 
will go on careering and progressing. 

These are the lines which I beg to suggest to you for spiritual work in India. 
There are many other great problems which, for want of time, I cannot bring 
before you this night. For instance, there is the wonderful question of caste. I 
have been studying this question, its pros and cons, all my life; I have studied it 
in nearly every province in India. I have mixed with people of all castes in 
nearly every part of the country, and I am too bewildered in my own mind to 
grasp even the very significance of it. The more I try to study it, the more I get 
bewildered. Still at last I find that a little glimmer of light is before me, I begin 
to feel its significance just now. Then there is the other great problem about 
eating and drinking. That is a great problem indeed. It is not so useless a thing 
as we generally think. I have come to the conclusion that the insistence which 



we make now about eating and drinking is most curious and is just going 
against what the Shastras required, that is to say, we come to grief by 
neglecting the proper purity of the food we eat and drink; we have lost the true 
spirit of it. 

There are several other questions which I want to bring before you and show 
how these problems can be solved, how to work out the ideas; but 
unfortunately the meeting could not come to order until very late, and I do not 
wish to detain you any longer now. I will, therefore, keep my ideas about caste 
and other things for a future occasion. 

Now, one word more and I will finish about these spiritual ideas. Religion for a 
long time has come to be static in India. What we want is to make it dynamic. I 
want it to be brought into the life of everybody. Religion, as it always has been 
in the past, must enter the palaces of kings as well as the homes of the poorest 
peasants in the land. Religion, the common inheritance, the universal birthright 
of the race, must be brought free to the door of everybody. Religion in India 
must be made as free and as easy of access as is God's air. And this is the kind 
of work we have to bring about in India, but not by getting up little sects and 
fighting on points of difference. Let us preach where we all agree and leave the 
differences to remedy themselves. As I have said to the Indian people again and 
again, if there is the darkness of centuries in a room and we go into the room 
and begin to cry, "Oh, it is dark, it is dark!", will the darkness go? Bring in the 
light and the darkness will vanish at once. This is the secret of reforming men. 
Suggest to them higher things; believe in man first. Why start with the belief 
that man is degraded and degenerated? I have never failed in my faith in man in 
any case, even taking him at his worst. Wherever I had faith in man, though at 
first the prospect was not always bright, yet it triumphed in the long run. Have 
faith in man, whether he appears to you to be a very learned one or a most 
ignorant one. Have faith in man, whether he appears to be an angel or the very 
devil himself. Have faith in man first, and then having faith in him, believe that 
if there are defects in him, if he makes mistakes, if he embraces the crudest and 
the vilest doctrines, believe that it is not from his real nature that they come, 
but from the want of higher ideals. If a man goes towards what is false, it is 
because he cannot get what is true. Therefore the only method of correcting 
what is false is by supplying him with what is true. Do this, and let him 



compare. You give him the truth, and there your work is done. Let him 
compare it in his own mind with what he has already in him; and, mark my 
words, if you have really given him the truth, the false must vanish, light must 
dispel darkness, and truth will bring the good out. This is the way if you want 
to reform the country spiritually; this is the way, and not fighting, not even 
telling people that what they are doing is bad. Put the good before them, see 
how eagerly they take it, see how the divine that never dies, that is always 
living in the human, comes up awakened and stretches out its hand for all that 
is good, and all that is glorious. 

May He who is the Creator, the Preserver, and the Protector of our race, the 
God of our forefathers, whether called by the name of Vishnu, or Shiva, or 
Shakti, or Ganapati, whether He is worshipped as Saguna or as Nirguna, 
whether He is worshipped as personal or as impersonal, may He whom our 
forefathers knew and addressed by the words, ■ J 3ff|; i 5i ^ff ^-d — "That 
which exists is One; sages call Him by various names" — may He enter into us 
with His mighty love; may He shower His blessings on us, may He make us 
understand each other, may He make us work for each other with real love, 
with intense love for truth, and may not the least desire for our own personal 
fame, our own personal prestige, our own personal advantage, enter into this 
great work of me spiritual regeneration of India! 



» 



Home / Complete- Works / Volume 3 / Lectures from Colombo to Almora / 

« 

BHAKTI 

( Delivered at Lahore on the 9th November, 1897) 

There is a sound which comes to us like a distant echo in the midst of the 
roaring torrents of the Upanishads, at times rising in proportion and volume, 
and yet, throughout the literature of the Vedanta, its voice, though clear, is not 
very strong. The main duty of the Upanishads seems to be to present before us 
the spirit and the aspect of the sublime, and yet behind this wonderful sublimity 
there come to us here and there glimpses of poetry as we read; 

H d^l g# '-RT& ^HT fed! Tife 

— "There the sun shines not, nor the moon, nor the stars, what to speak of this 
fire?" As we listen to the heart- stirring poetry of these marvellous lines, we are 
taken, as it were, off from the world of the senses, off even from the world of 
intellect, and brought to that world which can never be comprehended, and yet 
which is always with us. There is behind even this sublimity another ideal 
following as its shadow, one more acceptable to mankind, one more of daily 
use, one that has to enter into every part of human life, which assumes 
proportion and volume later on, and is stated in full and determined language in 
the Purana, and that is the ideal of Bhakti. The germs of Bhakti are there 
already; the germs are even in the Samhita; the germs a little more developed 
are in the Upanishads; but they are worked out in their details in the Puranas. 

To understand Bhakti, therefore, we have got to understand these Puranas of 
ours. There have been great discussions of late as to their authenticity. Many a 
passage of uncertain meaning has been taken up and criticised. In many places 
it has been pointed out that the passages cannot stand the light of modern 
science and so forth. But, apart from all these discussions, apart from the 
scientific validity of the statements of the Puranas, apart from their valid or 
invalid geography, apart from their valid or invalid astronomy, and so forth, 
what we find for a certainty, traced out bit by bit almost in every one of these 
volumes, is this doctrine of Bhakti, illustrated, reillustrated, stated and restated, 
in the lives of saints and in the lives of kings. It seems to have been the duty of 




the Puranas to stand as illustrations for that great ideal of the beautiful, the 
ideal of Bhakti, and this, as I have stated, is so much nearer to the ordinary 
man. Very few indeed are there who can understand end appreciate, far less 
live and move, in the grandeur of the full blaze of the light of Vedanta, because 
the first step for the pure Vedantist is to be Abhih, fearless. Weakness has got 
to go before a man dares to become a Vedantist, and we know how difficult 
that is. Even those who have given up all connection with the world, and have 
very few bandages to make them cowards, feel in the heart of their hearts how 
weak they are at moments, at times how soft they become, how cowed down; 
much more so is it with men who have so many bandages, and have to remain 
as slaves to so many hundred and thousand things, inside of themselves and 
outside of themselves, men every moment of whose life is dragging-down 
slavery. To them the Puranas come with the most beautiful message of Bhakti. 

For them the softness and the poetry are spread out, for them are told these 
wonderful and marvellous stories of a Dhruva and a Prahlada, and of a 
thousand saints, and these illustrations are to make it practical. Whether you 
believe in the scientific accuracy of the Puranas or not, there is not one among 
you whose life has not been influenced by the story of Prahlada, or that of 
Dhruva, or of any one of these great Pauranika saints. We have not only to 
acknowledge the power of the Puranas in our own day, but we ought to be 
grateful to them as they gave us in the past a more comprehensive and a better 
popular religion than what the degraded later-day Buddhism was leading us to. 
This easy and smooth idea of Bhakti has been written and worked upon, and 
we have to embrace it in our everyday practical life, for we shall see as we go 
on how the idea has been worked out until Bhakti becomes the essence of love. 
So long as there shall be such a thing as personal and material love, one cannot 
go behind the teachings of the Puranas. So long as there shall be the human 
weakness of leaning upon somebody for support, these Puranas, in some form 
or other, must always exist. You can change their names; you can condemn 
those that are already existing, but immediately you will be compelled to write 
another Purana. If there arises amongst us a sage who will not want these old 
Puranas, we shall find that his disciples, within twenty years of his death, will 
make of his life another Purana. That will be all the difference. 



This is a necessity of the nature of man; for them only are there no Puranas 



who have gone beyond all human weakness and have become what is really 
wanted of a Paramahamsa, brave and bold souls, who have gone beyond the 
bandages of Maya, the necessities even of nature — the triumphant, the 
conquerors, the gods of the world. The ordinary man cannot do without a 
personal God to worship; if he does not worship a God in nature, he has to 
worship either a God in the shape of a wife, or a child, or a father, or a friend, 
or a teacher, or somebody else; and the necessity is still more upon women than 
men. The vibration of light may be everywhere; it may be in dark places, since 
cats and other animals perceive it, but for us the vibration must be in our plane 
to become visible. We may talk, therefore, of an Impersonal Being and so 
forth, but so long as we are ordinary mortals, God can be seen in man alone. 
Our conception of God and our worship of God are naturally, therefore, human. 
"This body, indeed, is the greatest temple of God." So we find that men have 
been worshipped throughout the ages, and although we may condemn or 
criticise some of the extravagances which naturally follow, we find at once that 
the heart is sound, that in spite of these extravagances, in spite of this going 
into extremes, there is an essence, there is a true, firm core, a backbone, to the 
doctrine that is preached. I am not asking you to swallow without consideration 
any old stories, or any unscientific jargon. I am not calling upon you to believe 
in all sorts of Vamachari explanations that, unfortunately, have crept into some 
of the Puranas, but what I mean is this, that there is an essence which ought not 
to be lost, a reason for the existence of the Puranas, and that is the teaching of 
Bhakti to make religion practical, to bring religion from its high philosophical 
flights into the everyday lives of our common human beings. 

[The lecturer defended the use of material helps in Bhakti. Would to God man 
did not stand where he is, but it is useless to fight against existing facts; man is 
a material being now, however he may talk about spirituality and all that. 
Therefore the material man has to be taken in hand and slowly raised, until he 
becomes spiritual. In these days it is hard for 99 per cent of us to understand 
spirituality, much more so to talk about it. The motive powers that are pushing 
us forward, and the efforts we are seeking to attain, are all material. We can 
only work, in the language of Herbert Spencer, in the line of least resistance, 
and the Puranas have the good and common sense to work in the line of least 
resistance; and the successes that have been attained by the Puranas have been 
marvellous and unique. The ideal of Bhakti is of course spiritual, but the way 



lies through matter and we cannot help it. Everything that is conducive to the 
attainment of this spirituality in the material world, therefore, is to be taken 
hold of and brought to the use of man to evolve the spiritual being. Having 
pointed out that the Shastras start by giving the right to study the Vedas to 
everybody, without distinction of sex, caste, or creed, he claimed that if making 
a material temple helps a man more to love God, welcome; if making an image 
of God helps a man in attaining to this ideal of love, Lord bless him and give 
him twenty such images if he pleases. If anything helps him to attain to that 
ideal of spirituality welcome, so long as it is moral, because anything immoral 
will not help, but will only retard. He traced the opposition to the use of images 
in worship in India partly at least to Kabir, but on the other hand showed that 
India Has had great philosophers and founders of religions who did not even 
believe in the existence of a Personal God and boldly preached that to the 
people, but yet did not condemn the use of images. At best they only said it was 
not a very high form of worship, and there was not one of the Puranas in which 
it was said that it was a very high form. Having referred historically to the use 
of image-worship by the Jews, in their belief that Jehovah resided in a chest, he 
condemned the practice of abusing idol- worship merely because others said it 
was bad. Though an image or any other material form could be used if it helped 
to make a man spiritual, yet there was no one book in our religion which did 
not very clearly state that it was the lowest form of worship, because it was 
worship through matter. The attempt that was made all over India to force this 
image-worship on everybody, he had no language to condemn; what business 
had anybody to direct and dictate to anyone what he should worship and 
through what? How could any other man know through what he would grow, 
whether his spiritual growth would be by worshipping an image, by 
worshipping fire, or by worshipping even a pillar? That was to be guided and 
directed by our own Gurus, and by the relation between the Guru and the 
Shishya. That explained the rule which Bhakti books laid down for what was 
called the Ishta, that was to say, that each man had to take up his own peculiar 
form of worship, his own way of going towards God, and that chosen ideal was 
his Ishta Devata. He was to regard other forms of worship with sympathy, but 
at the same time to practice his own form till he reached the goal and came to 
the centre where no more material helps were necessary for him. In this 
connection a word of warning was necessary against a system prevalent in 
some parts of India, what was called the Kula-Guru system, a sort of hereditary 



Guruism. We read in the books that "He who knows the essence of the Vedas, 
is sinless, and does not teach another for love of gold or love of anything else, 
whose mercy is without any cause, who gives as the spring which does not ask 
anything from the plants and trees, for it is its nature to do good, and brings 
them out once more into life, and buds, flowers, and leaves come out, who 
wants nothing, but whose whole life is only to do good" — such a man could 
be a Guru and none else. There was another danger, for a Guru was not a 
teacher alone; that was a very small part of it. The Guru, as the Hindus 
believed, transmitted spirituality to his disciples. To take a common material 
example, therefore, if a man were not inoculated with good virus, he ran the 
risk of being inoculated with what was bad and vile, so that by being taught by 
a bad Guru there was the risk of learning something evil. Therefore it was 
absolutely necessary that this idea of Kula-Guru should vanish from India. 
Guruism must not be a trade; that must stop, it was against the Shastras. No 
man ought to call himself a Guru and at the same time help the present state of 
things under the Kula-Guru system. 

Speaking of the question of food, the Swami pointed out that the present-day 
insistence upon the strict regulations as to eating was to a great extent 
superficial, and missed the mark they were originally intended to cover. He 
particularly instanced the idea that care should be exercised as to who was 
allowed to touch food, and pointed out that there was a deep psychological 
significance in this, but that in the everyday life of ordinary men it was a care 
difficult or impossible to exercise. Here again the mistake was made of 
insisting upon a general observance of an idea which was only possible to one 
class, those who have entirely devoted their lives to spirituality, whereas the 
vast majority of men were still un-satiated with material pleasures, and until 
they were satiated to some extent it was useless to think of forcing spirituality 
on them. 

The highest form of worship that had been laid down by the Bhakta was the 
worship of man. Really, if there were to be any sort of worship, he would 
suggest getting a poor man, or six, or twelve, as their circumstances would 
permit, every day to their homes, and serving them, thinking that they were 
Narayanas. He had seen charity in many countries and the reason it did not 
succeed was that it was not done with a good spirit. "Here, take this, and go 



away" — that was not charity, but the expression of the pride of the heart, to 
gain the applause of the world, that the world might know they were becoming 
charitable. Hindus must know that, according to the Smritis, the giver was 
lower than the receiver, for the receiver was for the time being God Himself. 
Therefore he would suggest such a form of worship as getting some of these 
poor Narayanas, or blind Narayanas, and hungry Narayanas into every house 
every day, and giving them the worship they would give to an image, feeding 
them and clothing them, and the next day doing the same to others. He did not 
condemn any form of worship, but what he went to say was that the highest 
form and the most necessary at present in India was this form of Narayana 
worship. 

In conclusion, he likened Bhakti to a triangle. The first angle was that love 
knew no want, the second that love knew fear. Love for reward or service of 
any kind was the beggar's religion, the shopkeeper's religion, with very little of 
real religion in it. Let them not become beggars, because, in the first place, 
beggary was the sign of atheism. "Foolish indeed is the man who living on the 
banks of the Ganga digs a little well to drink water." So is the man who begs of 
God material objects. The Bhakta should be ready to stand up and say, "I do 
not want anything from you, Lord, but if you need anything from me I am 
ready to give." Love knew no fear. Had they not seen a weak frail, little woman 
passing through a street, and if a dog barked, she flew off into the next house? 
The next day she was in the street, perhaps, with her child at her breast. And a 
lion attacked her. Where was she then? In the mouth of the lion to save her 
child. Lastly, love was unto love itself. The Bhakta at last comes to this, that 
love itself is God and nothing else. Where should man go to prove the 
existence of God? Love was the most visible of all visible things. It was the 
force that was moving the sun, the moon, and the stars, manifesting itself in 
men, women, and in animals, everywhere and in everything. It was expressed 
in material forces as gravitation and so on. It was everywhere, in every atom, 
manifesting everywhere. It was that infinite love, the only motive power of this 
universe, visible everywhere, and this was God Himself.] 



[From the report published in The Tribune .] 



» 



« 



Home / Complete- Works / Volume 3 / Lectures from Colombo to Almora / 



THE VEDANTA 

(. Delivered at Lahore on 12th November, 1897) 

Two worlds there are in which we live, one the external, the other internal. 
Human progress has been made, from days of yore, almost in parallel lines 
along both these worlds. The search began in the external, and man at first 
wanted to get answers for all the deep problems from outside nature. Man 
wanted to satisfy his thirst for the beautiful and the sublime from all that 
surrounded him; he wanted to express himself and all that was within him in the 
language of the concrete; and grand indeed were the answers he got, most 
marvellous ideas of God and worship, and most rapturous expressions of the 
beautiful. Sublime ideas came from the external world indeed. But the other, 
opening out for humanity later, laid out before him a universe yet sublimer, yet 
more beautiful, and infinitely more expansive. In the Karma Kanda portion of 
the Vedas, we find the most wonderful ideas of religion inculcated, we find the 
most wonderful ideas about an overruling Creator, Preserver, and Destroyer of 
the universe presented before us in language sometimes the most soul- stirring. 
Most of you perhaps remember that most wonderful Shloka in the Rig- Veda 
Samhita where you get the description of chaos, perhaps the sublimest that has 
ever been attempted yet. In spite of all this, we find it is only a painting of the 
sublime outside, we find that yet it is gross, that something of matter yet clings 
to it. Yet we find that it is only the expression of the Infinite in; the language of 
matter, in the language of the finite, it is,, the infinite of the muscles and not of 
the mind; it is the infinite of space and not of thought. Therefore in the second 
portion of Jnana Kanda, we find there is altogether a different procedure. The 
first was a search in external nature for the truths of the universe; it was an 
attempt to get the solution of the deep problems of life from the material world. 

— "Whose glory these Himalayas declare". This is a grand 
idea, but yet it was not grand enough for India. The Indian mind had to fall 
back, and the research took a different direction altogether; from the external the 
search came to the internal, from matter to mind. There arose the cry, "When a 
man dies, what becomes of him?" 



— "Some say that he exists, others that he is gone; say, O king of Death, what is 
the truth?" An entirely different procedure we find here. The Indian mind got all 
that could be had from the external world, but it did not feel satisfied with that; 
it wanted to search further, to dive into its own soul, and the final answer came. 

/V 

The Upanishads, or the Vedanta, or the Aranyakas, or Rahasya is the name of 
this portion of the Vedas. Here we find at once that religion has got rid of all 
external formalities. Here we find at once that spiritual things are told not in the 
language of matter, but in the language of the spirit; the superfine in the 
language of the superfine. No more any grossness attaches to it, no more is there 
any compromise with things of worldly concern. Bold, brave, beyond the 
conception of the present day, stand the giant minds of the sages of the 
Upanishads, declaring the noblest truths that have ever been preached to 
humanity, without any compromise, without any fear. This, my countrymen, I 
want to lay before you. Even the Jnana Kanda of the Vedas is a vast ocean; 
many lives are necessary to understand even a little of it. Truly has it been said 
of the Upanishads by Ramanuja that they form the head, the shoulders, the crest 
of the Vedas, and surely enough the Upanishads have become the Bible of 
modern India. The Hindus have the greatest respect for the Karma Kanda of the 
Vedas, but, for all practical purposes, we know that for ages by Shruti has been 
meant the Upanishads, and the Upanishads alone. We know that all our great 
philosophers, whether Vyasa, Patanjali, or Gautama, and even the father of all 
philosophy, the great Kapila himself, whenever they wanted an authority for 
what they wrote, everyone of them found it in the Upanishads, and nowhere 
else, for therein are the truths that remain for ever. 

There are truths that are true only in a certain line, in a certain direction, under 
certain circumstances, and for certain times — those that are founded on the 
institutions of the times. There are other truths which are based on the nature of 
man himself, and which must endure so long as man himself endures. These are 
the truths that alone can be universal, and in spite of all the changes that have 
come to India, as to our social surroundings, our methods of dress, our manner 
of eating, our modes of worship — these universal truths of the Shrutis, the 
marvellous Vedantic ideas, stand out in their own sublimity, immovable, 
unvanquishable, deathless, and immortal. Yet the germs of all the ideas that 
were developed in the Upanishads had been taught already in the Karma Kanda. 



The idea of the cosmos which all sects of Vedantists had to take for granted, the 
psychology which has formed the common basis of all the Indian schools of 
thought, had there been worked out already and presented before the world. A 
few words, therefore, about the Karma Kanda are necessary before we begin the 
spiritual portion, the Vedanta; and first of all I should like to explain the sense 
in which I use the word Vedanta. 

Unfortunately there is the mistaken notion in modern India that the word 
Vedanta has reference only to the Advaita system; but you must always 
remember that in modern India the three Prasthanas are considered equally 
important in the study of all the systems of religion. First of all there are the 
Revelations, the Shrutis, by which I mean the Upanishads. Secondly, among our 
philosophies, the Sutras of Vyasa have the greatest prominence on account of 
their being the consummation of all the preceding systems of philosophy. These 
systems are not contradictory to one another, but one is based on another, and 
there is a gradual unfolding of the theme which culminates in the Sutras of 
Vyasa. Then, between the Upanishads and the Sutras, which are the 
systematising of the marvellous truths of the Vedanta, comes in the Gita, the 
divine commentary of the Vedanta. 

The Upanishads, the Vyasa-Sutras, and the Gita, therefore, have been taken up 
by every sect in India that wants to claim authority for orthodoxy, whether 
dualist, or Vishishtadvaitist, or Advaitist; the authorities of each of these are the 
three Prasthanas. We find that a Shankaracharya, or a Ramanuja, or a 
Madhvacharya, or a Vallabhacharya, or a Chaitanya — any one who wanted to 
propound a new sect — had to take up these three systems and write only a new 
commentary on them. Therefore it would be wrong to confine the word Vedanta 
only to one system which has arisen out of the Upanishads. All these are 
covered by the word Vedanta. The Vishishtadvaitist has as much right to be 
called a Vedantist as the Advaitist; in fact I will go a little further and say that 
what we really mean by the word Hindu is really the same as Vedantist. I want 
you to note that these three systems have been current in India almost from time 
immemorial; for you must not believe that Shankara was the inventor of the 
Advaita system. It existed ages before Shankara was born; he was one of its last 
representatives. So with the Vishishtadvaita system: it had existed ages before 
Ramanuja appeared, as we already know from the commentaries he has written; 



so with the dualistic systems that have existed side bv side with the others. And 
with my little knowledge, I have come to the conclusion that they do not 
contradict each other. 

Just as in the case of the six Darshanas, we find they are a gradual unfolding of 
the grand principles whose music beginning far back in the soft low notes, ends 
in the triumphant blast of the Advaita, so also in these three systems we find the 
gradual working up of the human mind towards higher and higher ideals till 
everything is merged in that wonderful unity which is reached in the Advaita 
system. I herefore these three are not contradictory. On the other hand I am 
bound to tell you that this has been a mistake committed by not a few. We find 
that an Advaitist teacher keeps intact those texts which especially teach 
Advaitism, and tries to interpret the dualistic or qualified non-dualistic texts into 
his own meaning. Similarly we find dualistic teachers trying to read their 
dualistic meaning into Advaitic texts. Our Gurus were great men, yet there is a 
saying, "Even the faults of a Guru must be told". I am of Opinion that in this 
only they were mistaken. We need not go into text-torturing, we need not go 
into any sort of religious dishonesty, we need not go into any sort of 
grammatical twaddle, we need not go about trying to put our own ideas into 
texts which were never meant for them, but the work is plain and becomes 
easier, once you understand the marvellous doctrine of Adhikarabheda. 

It is true that the Upanishads have this one theme before them: 

ntef ten^ tee i 

— "What is that knowing which we know everything else?" In modern 
language, the theme of the Upanishads is to find an ultimate unity of things. 
Knowledge is nothing but finding unity in the midst of diversity. Every science 
is based upon this; all human knowledge is based upon the finding of unity in 
the midst of diversity; and if it is the task of small fragments of human 
knowledge, which we call our sciences, to find unity in the midst of a few 
different phenomena, the task becomes stupendous when the theme before us is 
to find unity in the midst of this marvellously diversified universe, where 
prevail unnumbered differences in name and form, in matter and spirit — each 
thought differing from every other thought, each form differing from every 
other form. Yet, to harmonise these many planes and unending Lokas, in the 



midst of this infinite variety to find unity, is the theme of the Upanishads. On 
the other hand, the old idea of Arundhati Nyaya applies. To show a man the fine 
star Arundhati, one takes the big and brilliant nearest to it, upon which he is 
asked to fix his eyes first, and then it becomes quite easy to direct his sight to 
Arundhati. This is the task before us, and to prove my idea I have simply to 
show you the Upanishads, and you will see it. Nearly every chapter begins with 
dualistic teaching, Upasana. God is first taught as some one who is the Creator 
of this universe, its Preserver, and unto whom everything goes at last. He is one 
to be worshipped, the Ruler, the Guide of nature, external and internal, yet 
appearing as if He were outside of nature and external. One step further, and we 
find the same teacher teaching that this God is not outside of nature, but 
immanent in nature. And at last both ideas are discarded, and whatever is real is 
He; there is no difference, — "Shvetaketu, That thou art." That 

Immanent One is at last declared to be the same that is in the human soul. Here 
is no Compromise; here is no fear of others' opinions. Truth, bold truth, has 
been taught in bold language, and we need not fear to preach the truth in the 
same bold language today, and, by the grace of God, I hope at least to be one 
who dares to be that bold preacher. 

To go back to our preliminaries. There are first two things to be understood — 
one, the psychological aspect common to all the Yedantic schools, and the 
other, the cosmological aspect. I will first take up the latter. Today we find 
wonderful discoveries of modern science coming upon us like bolts from the 
blue, opening our eyes to marvels we never dreamt of. But many of these are 
only re-discoveries of what had been found ages ago. It was only the other day 
that modern science found that even in the midst of the variety of forces there is 
unity. It has just discovered that what it calls heat, magnetism, electricity, and 
so forth, are all convertible into one unit force, and as such, it expresses all these 
by one name, whatever you may choose to call it. But this has been done even 
in the Samhita; old and ancient as it is, in it we meet with this very idea of force 
I was referring to. All the forces, whether you call them gravitation, or 
attraction, or repulsion, whether expressing themselves as heat, or electricity, or 
magnetism, are nothing but the variations of that unit energy. Whether they 
express themselves as thought, reflected from Antahkarana, the inner organs of 
man, or as action from an external organ, the unit from which they spring is 
what is called Prana. Again, what is Prana? Prana is Spandana or vibration. 



When all this universe shall have resolved back into its primal state, what 
becomes of this infinite force? Do they think that it becomes extinct? Of course 
not. If it became extinct, what would be the cause of the next wave, because the 
motion is going in wave forms, rising, falling, rising again, falling again? Here 
is the word Srishti, which expresses the universe. Mark that the word does not 
mean creation. I am helpless in talking English; I have to translate the Sanskrit 
words as best as I can. It is Srishti, projection. At the end of a cycle, everything 
becomes finer and finer and is resolved back into the primal state from which it 
sprang, and there it remains for a time quiescent, ready to spring forth again. 
That is Srishti, projection. And what becomes of all these forces, the Pranas? 
They are resolved back into the primal Prana, and this Prana becomes almost 
motionless — not entirely motionless; and that is what is described in the Yedic 

/V 

Sukta: "It vibrated without vibrations" — Anidavatam. There are many 
technical phrases in the Upanishads difficult to understand. For instance, take 
this word Vata; many times it means air and many times motion, and often 
people confuse one with the other. We must guard against that. And what 
becomes of what you call matter? The forces permeate all matter; they all 

-A. 

dissolve into Akasha, from which they again come out; this Akasha is the 
primal matter. Whether you translate it as ether or anything else, the idea is that 
this Akasha is the primal form of matter. This Akasha vibrates under the action 
of Prana, and when the next Srishti is coming up, as the vibration becomes 
quicker, the Akasha is lashed into all these wave forms which we call suns, 
moons, and systems. 

We read again: to hm — "Everything in this universe 

has been projected, Prana vibrating." You must mark the word Ejati, because it 
comes from Eja — to vibrate. Nihsritam — projected. Yadidam Kincha — 
whatever in this universe. 

This is a part of the cosmological side. There are many details working into it. 
For instance, how the process takes place, how there is first ether, and how from 
the ether come other things, how that ether begins to vibrate, and from that 
Vayu comes. But the one idea is here that it is from the finer that the grosser has 
come. Gross matter is the last to emerge and the most external, and this gross 
matter had the finer matter before it. Yet we see that the whole thing has been 
resolved into two, but there is not yet a final unity. There is the unity of force, 



Prana, there is the unity of matter, called Akasha. Is there any unity to be found 
among them again? Can they be melted into one? Our modern science is mute 
here, it has not yet found its way out; and if it is doing so, just as it has been 
slowly finding the same old Prana and the same ancient Akasha, it will have to 
move along the same lines. 

The next unity is the omnipresent impersonal Being known by its old 
mythological name as Brahma, the four-headed Brahma and psychologically 
called Mahat. This is where the two unite. What is called your mind is only a bit 
of this Mahat caught in the trap of the brain, and the sum total of all minds 
caught in the meshes of brains is what you call Samashti, the aggregate, the 
universal. Analysis had to go further; it was not yet complete. Here we were 
each one of us, as it were, a microcosm, and the world taken altogether is the 
macrocosm. But whatever is in the Yyashti, the particular, we may safely 
conjecture that a similar thing is happening also outside. If we had the power to 
analyse our own minds, we might safely conjecture that the same thing is 
happening in the cosmic mind. What is this mind is the question. In modern 
times, in Western countries, as physical science is making rapid progress, as 
physiology is step by step conquering stronghold after stronghold of old 
religions, the Western people do not know where to stand, because to their great 
despair, modem physiology at every step has identified the mind with the brain. 
But we in India have known that always. That is the first proposition the Hindu 
boy leams that the mind is matter, only finer. The body is gross, and behind the 
body is what we call the Sukshma Sharira, the fine body, or mind. This is also 

/V 

material, only finer; and it is not the Atman. 

I will not translate this word to you in English, because the idea does not exist 
in Europe; it is untranslatable. The modem attempt of German philosophers is 
to translate the word Atman by the word "Self", and until that word is 
universally accepted, it is impossible to use it. So, call it as Self or anything, it is 
our Atman. This Atman is the real man behind. It is the Atman that uses the 
material mind as its instrument, its Antahkarana, as is the psychological term for 
the mind. And the mind by means of a series of internal organs works the 
visible organs of the body. What is this mind? It was only the other day that 
Western philosophers have come to know that the eyes are not the real organs of 
vision, but that behind these are other organs, the Indriyas, and if these are 



destroyed, a man may have a thousand eyes, like Indra, but there will be no 
sight for him. Ay, your philosophy starts with this assumption that by vision is 
not meant the external vision. The real vision belongs to the internal organs, the 
brain-centres inside. You may call them what you like, but it is not that the 
Indriyas are the eyes, or the nose, or the ears. And the sum total of all these 
Indriyas plus the Manas, Buddhi, Chitta, Ahamkara, etc., is what is called the 
mind, and if the modern physiologist comes to tell you that the brain is what is 
called the mind, and that the brain is formed of so many organs, you need not be 
afraid at all; tell him that your philosophers knew it always; it is one of the very 
first principles of your religion. 

Well then, we have to understand now what is meant by this Manas, Buddhi, 
Chitta, Ahamkara, etc. First of all, let us take Chitta. It is the mind- stuff — a 
part of the Mahat — it is the generic name for the mind itself, including all its 
various states. Suppose on a summer evening, there is a lake, smooth and calm, 
without a ripple on its surface. And suppose some one throws a stone into this 
lake. What happens? First there is the action, the blow given to the water; next 
the water rises and sends a reaction towards the stone, and that reaction takes 
the form of a wave. First the water vibrates a little, and immediately sends back 
a reaction in the form of a wave. The Chitta let us compare to this lake, and the 
external objects are like the stones thrown into it. As soon as it comes in contact 
with any external object by means of these Indriyas — the Indriyas must be 
there to carry these external objects inside — there is a vibration, what is called 
Manas, indecisive. Next there is a reaction, the determinative faculty, Buddhi, 
and along with this Buddhi flashes the idea of Aham and the external object. 
Suppose there is a mosquito sitting upon my hand. This sensation is carried to 
my Chitta and it vibrates a little; this is the psychological Manas. Then there is a 
reaction, and immediately comes the idea that I have a mosquito on my hand 
and that I shall have to drive it off. Thus these stones are thrown into the lake, 
but in the case of the lake every blow that comes to it is from the external world, 
while in the case of the lake of the mind, the blows may either come from the 
external world or the internal world. This whose series is what is called the 
Antahkarana. 

Along with it, you ought to understand one thing more that will help us in 
understanding the Advaita system later on. It is this. All of you must have seen 



pearls and most of you know how pearls are formed. A grain of sand enters into 
the shell of a pearl oyster, and sets up an irritation there, and the oyster's body 
reacts towards the irritation and covers the little particle with its own juice. That 
crystallises and forms the pearl. So the whole universe is like that, it is the pearl 
which is being formed by us. What we get from the external world is simply the 
blow. Even to be conscious of that blow we have to react, and as soon as we 
react, we really project a portion of our own mind towards the blow, and when 
we come to know of it, it is really our own mind as it has been shaped by the 
blow. Therefore it is clear even to those who want to believe in a hard and fast 
realism of an external world, which they cannot but admit in these days of 
physiology — that supposing we represent the external world by "x", what we 
really know is "x" plus mind, and this mind-element is so great that it has 
covered the whole of that Y which has remained unknown and unknowable 
throughout; and, therefore, if there is an external world, it is always unknown 
and unknowable. What we know of it is as it is moulded, formed, fashioned by 
our own mind. So with the internal world. The same applies to our own soul, the 
Atman. In order to know the Atman we shall have to know It through the mind; 
and, therefore, what little eve know of this Atman is simply the Atman plus the 
mind. That is to say, the Atman covered over, fashioned and moulded by the 
mind, and nothing more. We shall return to this a little later, but we will 
remember what has been told here. 

The next thing to understand is this. The question arose that this body is the 
name of one continuous stream of matter — every moment we are adding 
material to it, and every moment material is being thrown oft by it — like a 
river continually flowing, vast masses of water always changing places; yet all 
the same, we take up the whole thing in imagination, and call it the same river. 
What do we call the river? Every moment the water is changing, the shore is 
changing, every moment the environment is changing, what is the river then? It 
is the name of this series of changes. So with the mind. That is the great 
Kshanika Vijnana Vada doctrine, most difficult to understand, but most 
rigorously and logically worked out in the Buddhistic philosophy; and this arose 
in India in opposition to some part of the Vedanta. That had to be answered and 
we shall see later on how it could only be answered by Advaitism and by 
nothing else. We will see also how, in spite of people's curious notions about 
Advaitism, people's fright about Advaitism, it is the salvation of the world, 



because therein alone is to be found the reason of things. Dualism and other 
isms are very good as means of worship, very satisfying to the mind, and 
maybe, they have helped the mind onward; but if man wants to be rational and 
religious at the same time, Advaita is the one system in the world for him. Well, 
now, we shall regard the mind as a similar river, continually filling itself at one 
end and emptying itself at the other end. Where is that unity which we call the 
Atman? The idea is this, that in spite of this continuous change in the body, and 
in spite of this continuous change in the mind, there is in us something that is 
unchangeable, which makes our ideas of things appear unchangeable. When 
rays of light coming from different quarters fall upon a screen, or a wall, or 
upon something that is not changeable, then and then alone it is possible for 
them to form a unity, then and then alone it is possible for them to form one 
complete whole. Where is this unity in the human organs, falling upon which, as 
it were, the various ideas will come to unity and become one complete whole? 
This certainly cannot be the mind itself, seeing that it also changes. Therefore 
there must be something which is neither the body nor the mind, something 
which changes not, something permanent, upon which all our ideas, our 
sensations fall to form a unity and a complete whole; and this is the real soul, 
the Atman of man. And seeing that everything material, whether you call it fine 
matter, or mind, must be changeful, seeing that what you call gross matter, the 
external world, must also be changeful in comparison to that — this 
unchangeable something cannot be of material substance; therefore it is 
spiritual, that is to say, it is not matter — it is indestructible, unchangeable. 

Next will come another question: Apart from those old arguments which only 
rise in the external world, the arguments in support of design — who created 
this external world, who created matter, etc.? The idea here is to know truth 
only from the inner nature of man, and the question arises just in the same way 
as it arose about the soul. Taking for granted that there is a soul, unchangeable, 
in each man, which is neither the mind nor the body, there is still a unity of idea 
among the souls, a unity of feeling, of sympathy. How is it possible that my soul 
can act upon your soul, where is the medium through which it can work, where 
is the medium through which it can act? How is it I can feel anything about your 
souls? What is it that is in touch both with your soul and with my soul? 
Therefore there is a metaphysical necessity of admitting another soul, for it must 
be a soul which acts in contact all the different souls, and in and through matter 



— one Soul which covers and interpenetrates all the infinite number of souls in 
the world, in and through which they live, in and through which they 
sympathise, and love, and work for one another. And this universal Soul is 
Paramatman, the Lord God of the universe. Again, it follows that because the 
soul is not made of matter, since it is spiritual, it cannot obey the laws of matter, 
it cannot be judged by the laws of matter. It is, therefore, unconquerable, 
birthless, deathless, and changeless. 



p tofcf iSH qq i 

R q II 

[to: TOq : II 



— "This Self, weapons cannot pierce, nor fire can burn, water cannot wet, nor 
air can dry up. Changless, all-pervading, unmoving, immovable, eternal is this 
Self of man." We learn according to the Gita and the Vedanta that this 
individual Self is also Vibhu, and according to Kapila, is omnipresent. Of 
course there are sects in India which hold that the Self is Anu, infinitely small; 
but what they mean is Anu in manifestation; its real nature is Vibhu, all- 
pervading. 

There comes another idea, startling perhaps, yet a characteristically Indian idea, 
and if there is any idea that is common to all our sects, it is this. Therefore I beg 
you to pay attention to this one idea and to remember it, for this is the very 
foundation of everything that we have in India. The idea is this. You have beard 
of the doctrine of physical evolution preached in the Western world by the 
German and the English savants. It tells us that the bodies of the different 
animals are really one; the differences that we see are but different expressions 
of the same series; that from the lowest worm to the highest and the most saintly 
man it is but one — the one changing into the other, and so on, going up and up, 
higher and higher, until it attains perfection. We had that idea also. Declares our 
Yogi Patanjali — Wi^to'iH: 1 One species — the Jati is species — 

changes into another species — evolution; Parinama means one thing changing 
into another, just as one species changes into another. Where do we differ from 
the Europeans? Patanjali says, Prakrityapurat, "By the infilling of nature". The 
European says, it is competition, natural and sexual selection, etc. that forces 
one body to take the form of another. But here is another idea, a still better 
analysis, going deeper into the thing and saying, "By the infilling of nature". 



What is meant by this infilling of nature? We admit that the amoeba goes higher 
and higher until it becomes a Buddha; we admit that, but we are at the same 
time as much certain that you cannot get an amount of work out of a machine 
unless you have put it in in some shape or other. The sum total of the energy 
remains the same, whatever the forms it may take. If you want a mass of energy 
at one end, you have got to put it in at the other end; it may be in another form, 
but the amount of energy that should be produced out of it must be the same. 
Therefore, if a Buddha is the one end of the change, the very amoeba must have 
been the Buddha also. If the Buddha is the evolved amoeba, the amoeba was the 
involved Buddha also. If this universe is the manifestation of an almost infinite 
amount of energy, when this universe was in a state of Pralaya, it must have 
represented the same amount of involved energy. It cannot have been otherwise. 
As such, it follows that every soul is infinite. From the lowest worm that crawls 
under our feet to the noblest and greatest saints, all have this infinite power, 
infinite purity, and infinite everything. Only the difference is in the degree of 
manifestation. The worm is only manifesting just a little bit of that energy, you 
have manifested more, another god-man has manifested still more: that is all the 
difference. But that infinite power is there all the same. Says Patanjali: 

(=FT: I — "Like the peasant irrigating his field." Through a little corner of 

his field he brings water from a reservoir somewhere, and perhaps he has got a 
little lock that prevents the water from rushing into his field. When he wants 
water, he has simply to open the lock, and in rushes the water of its own power. 
The power has not to be added, it is already there in the reservoir. So every one 
of us, every being, has as his own background such a reservoir of strength, 
infinite power, infinite purity, infinite bliss, and existence infinite — only these 
locks, these bodies, are hindering us from expressing what we really are to the 
fullest. 

And as these bodies become more and more finely organised, as the Tamoguna 
becomes the Rajoguna, and as the Rajoguna becomes Sattvaguna, more and 
more of this power and purity becomes manifest, and therefore it is that our 
people have been so careful about eating and drinking, and the food question. It 
may be that the original ideas have been lost, just as with our marriage — 
which, though not belonging to the subject, I may take as an example. If I have 
another opportunity I will talk to you about these; but let me tell you now that 
the ideas behind our marriage system are the only ideas through which there can 



be a real civilisation. There cannot be anything else. If a man or a woman were 
allowed the freedom to take up any woman or man as wife or husband, if 
individual pleasure, satisfaction of animal instincts, were to be allowed to run 
loose in society, the result must be evil, evil children, wicked and demoniacal. 
Ay, man in every country is, on the one hand, producing these brutal children, 
and on the other hand multiplying the police force to keep these brutes down. 
The question is not how to destroy evil that way, but how to prevent the very 
birth of evil. And so long as you live in society your marriage certainly affects 
every member of it; and therefore society has the right to dictate whom you 
shall marry, and whom you shall not. And great ideas of this kind have been 
behind the system of marriage here, what they call the astrological Jati of the 
bride and bridegroom. And in passing I may remark that According to Manu a 
child who is born of lust is not an Aryan. The child whose very conception and 
whose death is according to the rules of the Vedas, such is an Aryan. Yes, and 
less of these Aryan children are being produced in every country, and the result 
is the mass of evil which we call Kali Yuga. But we have lost all these ideals — 
it is true we cannot carry all these ideas to the fullest length now — it is 
perfectly true we have made almost a caricature of some of these great ideas. It 
is lamentably true that the fathers and mothers are not what they were in old 
times, neither is society so educated as it used to be, neither has society that 
love for individuals that it used to have. But, however faulty the working out 
may be, the principle is sound; and if its application has become defective, if 
one method has failed, take up the principle and work it out better; why kill the 
principle? The same applies to the food question. The work and details are bad, 
very bad indeed, but that does not hurt the principle. The principle is eternal and 
must be there. Work it out afresh and make a re-formed application. 

This is the orate great idea of the Atman which every one of our sects in India 
has to believe. Only, as we shall find, the dualists, preach that this Atman by 
evil works becomes Sankuchita, i.e. all its powers and its nature become 
contracted, and by good works again that nature expands. And the Advaitist 
says that the Atman never expands nor contracts, but seems to do so. It appears 
to have become contracted. That is all the difference, but all have the one Idea 
that our Atman has all the powers already, not that anything will come to It 
from outside, not that anything will drop into It from the skies. Mark you, your 
Vedas are not inspired, but expired, not that they came from anywhere outside, 



but they are the eternal laws living in every soul. The Vedas are in the soul of 
the ant, in the soul of the god. The ant has only to evolve and get the body of a 
sage or a Rishi, and the Vedas will come out, eternal laws expressing 
themselves. This is the one great idea to understand that our power is already 
ours, our salvation is already within us. Say either that it has become contracted, 
or say that it has been covered with the veil of Maya, it matters little; the idea is 
there already; you must have to believe in that, believe in the possibility of 
everybody — that even in the lowest man there is the same possibility as in the 
Buddha. This is the doctrine of the Atman. 

But now comes a tremendous fight. Here are the Buddhists, who equally 
analyse the body into a material stream and as equally analyse the mind into 
another. And as for this Atman, they state that It is unnecessary; so we need not 
assume the Atman at all. What use of a substance, and qualities adhering to the 
substance? We say Gunas, qualities, and qualities alone. It is illogical to assume 
two causes where one will explain the whole thing. And the fight went on, and 
all the theories which held the doctrine of substance were thrown to the ground 
by the Buddhists. There was a break-up all along the line of those who held on 
to the doctrine of substance and qualities, that you have a soul, and I have a 
soul, and every one has a soul separate from the mind and body, and that each 
one is an individual. 

So far we have seen that the idea of dualism is all right; for there is the body, 
there is then the fine body — the mind — there is this Atman, and in and 
through all the Atmans is that Paramatman, God. The difficulty is here that this 
Atman and Paramatman are both called substance, to which the mind and body 
and so-called substances adhere like so many qualities. Nobody has ever seen a 
substance, none can ever conceive; what is the use of thinking of this substance? 
Why not become a Kshanikavadin and say that whatever exists is this 
succession of mental currents and nothing more? They do not adhere to each 
other, they do not form a unit, one is chasing the other, like waves in the ocean, 
never complete, never forming one unit- whole. Man is a succession of waves, 
and when one goes away it generates another, and the cessation of these wave- 
forms is what is called Nirvana. You see that dualism is mute before this; it is 
impossible that it can bring up any argument, and the dualistic God also cannot 
be retained here. The idea of a God that is omnipresent, and yet is a person who 



creates without hands, and moves without feet, and so on, and who has created 
the universe as a Kumbhakara (potter) creates a Ghata (pot), the Buddhist 
declares, is childish, and that if this is God, he is going to fight this God and not 
worship it. This universe is full of misery; if it is the work of a God, we are 
going to fight this God. And secondly, this God is illogical and impossible, as 
all of you are aware. We need not go into the defects of the "design theory", as 
all our Kshanikas have shown them full well; and so this Personal God fell to 
pieces. 

Truth, and nothing but truth, is the watchword of the Advaitist. 

— "Truth alone triumphs, and not, untruth. Through truth alone the way to 
gods, Devayana, lies." Everybody marches forward under that banner; ay, but it 
is only to crush the weaker man's position by his own. You come with your 
dualistic idea of God to pick a quarrel with a poor man who is worshipping an 
image, and you think you are wonderfully rational, you can confound him; but 
if he turns round and shatters your own Personal God and calls that an 
imaginary ideal, where are you? You fall back on faith and so on, or raise the 
cry of atheism, the old cry of a weak man — whosoever defeats him is an 
atheist. If you are to be rational, be rational all along the line, and if not, allow 
others the same privilege which you ask for yourselves. How can you prove the 
existence of this God? On the other hand, it can be almost disproved. There is 
not a shadow of a proof as to His existence, and there are very strong arguments 
to the contrary. How will you prove His existence, with your God, and His 
Gunas, and an infinite number of souls which are substance, and each soul an 
individual? In what are you an individual? You are not as a body, for you know 
today better than even the Buddhists of old knew that what may have been 
matter in the sun has just now become matter in you, and will go out and 
become matter in the plants; then where is your individuality, Mr. So-and-so? 
The same applies to the mind. Where is your individuality? You have one 
thought tonight and another tomorrow. You do not think the same way as you 
thought when you were a child; and old men do not think the same way as they 
did when they were young. Where is your individuality then? Do not say it is in 
consciousness, this Ahamkara, because this only covers a small part of your 
existence. While I am talking to you, all my organs are working and I am not 



conscious of it. If consciousness is the proof of existence they do not exist then, 
because I am not conscious of them. Where are you then with your Personal 
God theories? How can you prove such a God? 

Again, the Buddhists will stand up and declare — not only is it illogical, but 
immoral, for it teaches man to be a coward and to seek assistance outside, and 
nobody can give him such help. Here is the universe, man made it; why then 
depend on an imaginary being outside whom nobody ever saw, or felt, or got 
help from? Why then do, you make cowards of yourselves and teach your 
children that the highest state of man is to be like a dog, and go crawling before 
this imaginary being, saying that you are weak and impure, and that you are 
everything vile in this universe? On the other hand, the Buddhists may urge not 
only that you tell a lie, but that you bring a tremendous amount of evil upon 
your children; for, mark you, this world is one of hypnotisation. Whatever you 
tell yourself, that you become. Almost the first words the great Buddha uttered 
were: "What you think, that you are; what you will think, that you will be." If 
this is true, do not teach yourself that you are nothing, ay, that you cannot do 
anything unless you are helped by somebody who does not live here, but sits 
above the clouds. The result will be that you will be more and more weakened 
every day. By constantly repeating, "we are very impure, Lord, make us pure", 
the result will be that you will hypnotise yourselves into all sorts of vices. Ay, 
the Buddhists say that ninety per cent of these vices that you see in every 
society are on account of this idea of a Personal God; this is an awful idea of the 
human being that the end and aim of this expression of life, this wonderful 
expression of life, is to become like a dog. Says the Buddhist to the Yaishnava, 
if your ideal, your aim and goal is to go to the place called Vaikuntha where 
God lives, and there stand before Him with folded hands all through eternity, it 
is better to commit suicide than do that. The Buddhists may even urge that, that 
is why he is going to create annihilation, Nirvana, to escape this. I am putting 
these ideas before you as a Buddhist just for the time being, because nowadays 
all these Advaitic ideas are said to make you immoral, and I am trying to tell 
you how the other side looks. Let us face both sides boldly and bravely. 

We have seen first of all that this cannot be proved, this idea of a Personal God 
creating the world; is there any child that can believe this today? Because a 
Kumbhakara creates a Ghata, therefore a God created the world! If this is so, 



then your Kumbhakara is God also; and if any one tells you that He acts without 
head and hands, you may take him to a lunatic asylum. Has ever your Personal 
God, the Creator of the world to whom you cry all your life, helped you — is 
the next challenge from modern science. They will prove that any help you have 
had could have been got by your own exertions, and better still, you need not 
have spent your energy in that crying, you could have done it better without that 
weeping and crying. And we have seen that along with this idea of a Personal 
God comes tyranny and priestcraft. Tyranny and priestcraft have prevailed 
wherever this idea existed, and until the lie is knocked on the head, say the 
Buddhists, tyranny will not cease. So long as man thinks he has to cower before 
a supernatural being, so long there will be priests to claim rights and privileges 
and to make men cower before them, while these poor men will continue to ask 
some priest to act as interceder for them. You may do away with the Brahmin, 
but mark me, those who do so will put themselves in his place and will be 
worse, because the Brahmin has a certain amount of generosity in him, but these 
upstarts are always the worst of tyrannisers. If a beggar gets wealth, he thinks 
the whole world is a bit of straw. So these priests there must be, so long as this 
Personal God idea persists, and it will be impossible to think of any great 
morality in society. Priestcraft and tyranny go hand in hand. Why was it 
invented? Because some strong men in old times got people into their hands and 
said, you must obey us or we will destroy you. That was the long and short of it. 

I — It is the idea of the thunderer who kills every one who does 

not obey him. 

Next the Buddhist says, you have been perfectly rational up to this point, that 
everything is the result of the law of Karma. You believe in an infinity of souls, 
and that souls are without birth or death, and this infinity of souls and the belief 
in the law of Karma are perfectly logical no doubt. There cannot be a cause 
without an effect, the present must have had its cause in the past and will have 
its effect in the future. The Hindu says the Karma is Jada (inert) and not 
Chaitanya (Spirit), therefore some Chaitanya is necessary to bring this cause to 
fruition. Is it so, that Chaitanya is necessary to bring the plant to fruition? If I 
plant the seed and add water, no Chaitanya is necessary. You may say there was 
some original Chaitanya there, but the souls themselves were the Chaitanya, 
nothing else is necessary. If human souls have it too, what necessity is there for 
a God, as say the Jains, who, unlike the Buddhists, believe in souls and do not 



believe in God. Where are you logical, where are you moral? And when you 
criticise Advaitism and fear that it will make for immorality, just read a little of 
what has been done in India by dualistic sects. If there have been twenty 
thousand Advaitist blackguards, there have also been twenty thousand Dvaitist 
blackguards. Generally speaking, there will be more Dvaitist blackguards, 
because it takes a better type of mind to understand Advaitism, and Advaitists 
can scarcely be frightened into anything. What remains for you Hindus, then? 
There is no help for you out of the clutches of the Buddhists. You may quote the 
Vedas, but he does not believe in them. He will say, "My Tripitakas say 
otherwise, and they are without beginning or end, not even written by Buddha, 
for Buddha says he is only reciting them; they are eternal." And he adds, "Yours 
are wrong, ours are the true Vedas, yours are manufactured by the Brahmin 
priests, therefore out with them." How do you escape? 

Here is the way to get out. Take up the first objection, the metaphysical one, 
that substance and qualities are different. Says the Advaitist, they are not. There 
is no difference between substance and qualities. You know the old illustration, 
how the rope is taken for the snake, and when you see the snake you do not see 
the rope at all, the rope has vanished. Dividing the thing into substance and 
quality is a metaphysical something in the brains of philosophers, for never can 
they be in effect outside. You see qualities if you are an ordinary man, and 
substance if you are a great Yogi, but you never see both at the same time. So, 
Buddhists, your quarrel about substance and qualities has been but a 
miscalculation which does not stand on fact. But if substance is unqualified, 
there can only be one. If you take qualities off from the soul, and show that 
these qualities are in the mind really, superimposed on the soul, then there can 
never be two souls for it is qualification that makes the difference between one 
soul and another. How do you know that one soul is different from the other? 
Owing to certain differentiating marks, certain qualities. And where qualities do 
not exist, how can there be differentiation? Therefore there are not two souls, 
there is but One, and your Paramatman is unnecessary, it is this very soul. That 
One is called Paramat-man, that very One is called Jivatman, and so on; and you 
dualists, such as the Sankhyas and others, who say that the soul is Vibhu, 
omnipresent, how can you make two infinities? There can be only one. What 
else? This One is the one Infinite Atman, everything else is its manifestation. 
There the Buddhist stops, but there it does not end. 



The Advaitist position is not merely a weak one of criticism. The Advaitist 
criticises others when they come too near him, and just throws them away, that 
is all; but he propounds his own position. He is the only one that criticises, and 
does not stop with criticism and showing books. Here you are. You say the 
universe is a thing of continuous motion. In Yyashti (the finite) everything is 
moving; you are moving, the table is moving, motion everywhere; it is Samsara, 
continuous motion; it is Jagat. Therefore there cannot be an individuality in this 
Jagat, because individuality means that which does not change; there cannot be 
any changeful individuality, it is a contradiction in terms. There is no such thing 
as individuality in this little world of ours, the Jagat. Thought and feeling, mind 
and body, men and animals and plants are in a continuous state of flux. But 
suppose you take the universe as a unit whole; can it change or move? Certainly 
not. Motion is possible in comparison with something which is a little less in 
motion or entirely motionless. The universe as a whole, therefore, is motionless, 
unchangeable. You are therefore, an individual then and then alone when you 
are the whole of it, when the realization of "I am the universe" comes. That is 
why the Yedantist says that so long as there are two, fear does not cease. It is 
only when one does not see another, does not feel another, when it is all one — 
then alone fear ceases, then alone death vanishes, then alone Samsara vanishes. 
Advaita teaches us, therefore, that man is individual in being universal, and not 
in being particular. You are immortal only when you are the whole. You are 
fearless and deathless only when you are the universe; and then that which you 
call the universe is the same as that you call God, the same that you call 
existence, the same that you call the whole. It is the one undivided Existence 
which is taken to be the manifold world which we see, as also others who are in 
the same state of mind as we. People who have done a little better Karma and 
get a better state of mind, when they die, look upon it as S varga and see Indras 
and so forth. People still higher will see it, the very same thing, as Brahma- 
Loka, and the perfect ones will neither see the earth nor the heavens, nor any 
Loka at all. The universe will have vanished, and Brahman will be in its stead. 

Can we know this Brahman? I have told you of the painting of the Infinite in the 
Samhita. Here we shall find another side shown, the infinite internal. That was 
the infinite of the muscles. Here we shall have the Infinite of thought. There the 
Infinite was attempted to be painted in language positive; here that language 
failed and the attempt has been to paint it in language negative. Here is this 



universe, and even admitting that it is Brahman, can we know it? No! No! You 
must understand this one thing again very clearly. Again and again this doubt 
will come to you: If this is Brahman, how can we know it? 

teldRTit ^q 

— "By what can the knower be known?" How can the knower be known? The 
eyes see everything; can they see themselves? They cannot: The very fact of 
knowledge is a degradation. Children of the Aryans, you must remember this, 
for herein lies a big story. All the Western temptations that come to you, have 
their metaphysical basis on that one thing — there is nothing higher than sense- 
knowledge. In the East, we say in our Vedas that this knowledge is lower than 
the thing itself, because it is always a limitation. When you want to know a 
thing, it immediately becomes limited by your mind. They say, refer back to 
that instance of the oyster making a pearl and see how knowledge is limitation, 
gathering a thing, bringing it into Consciousness, and not knowing it as a whole. 
This is true about all knowledge, and can it be less so about the Infinite? Can 
you thus limit Him who is the substance of all knowledge, Him who is the 
Sakshi, the witness, without whom you cannot have any knowledge, Him who 
has no qualities, who is the Witness of the whole universe, the Witness in our 
own souls? How can you know Him? By what means can you bind Him up? 
Everything, the whole universe, is such a false attempt. This infinite Atman is, 
as it were, trying to see His own face, and all, from the lowest animals to the 
highest of gods, are like so many mirrors to reflect Himself in, and He is taking 
up still others, finding them insufficient, until in the human body He comes to 
know that it is the finite of the finite, all is finite, there cannot be any expression 
of the Infinite in the finite. Then comes the retrograde march, and this is what is 
called renunciation, Vairagya. Back from the senses, back! Do not go to the 
senses is the watchword of Vairagya. This is the watchword of all morality, this 
is the watchword of all well-being; for you must remember that with us the 
universe begins in Tapasya, in renunciation, and as you go back and back, all 
the forms are being manifested before you, and they are left aside one after the 
other until you remain what you really are. This is Moksha or liberation. 

This idea we have to understand: I^hk+k" t-Tq — "How to know the 

knower?" The knower cannot be known, because if it were known, it will not be 
the knower. If you look at your eyes in a mirror, the reflection is no more your 



eyes, but something else, only a reflection. Then if this soul, this Universal, 
Infinite Being which, you are, is only a witness, what good is it? It cannot live, 
and move about, and enjoy the world, as we do. People cannot understand how 
the witness can enjoy. "Oh," they say, "you Hindus have become quiescent, and 
good for nothing, through this doctrine that you are witnesses! " First of all, it is 
only the witness that can enjoy. If there is a wrestling match, who enjoys it, 
those who take part in it, or those who are looking on — the outsiders? The 
more and more you are the witness of anything in life, the more you enjoy it. 

/V 

And this is Ananda; and, therefore, infinite bliss can only be yours when you 
have become the witness of this universe; then alone you are a Mukta Purusha. 

It is the witness alone that can work without any desire, without any idea of 
going to heaven, without any idea of blame, without any idea of praise. The 
witness alone enjoys, and none else. 

Coming to the moral aspect, there is one thing between the metaphysical and the 
moral aspect of Advaitism; it is the theory of Maya. Everyone of these points in 
the Advaita system requires years to understand and months to explain. 
Therefore you will excuse me if I only just touch them en passant. This theory 
of Maya has been the most difficult thing to understand in all ages. Let me tell 
you in a few words that it is surely no theory, it is the combination of the three 
ideas Desha- Kala-Nimitta — space, time, and causation — and this time and 
space and cause have been further reduced into Nama-Rupa. Suppose there is a 
wave in the ocean. The wave is distinct from the ocean only in its form and 
name, and this form and this name cannot have any separate existence from the 
wave; they exist only with the wave. The wave may subside, but the same 
amount of water remains, even if the name and form that were on the wave 
vanish for ever. So this Maya is what makes the difference between me and you, 
between all animals and man, between gods and men. In fact, it is this Maya 
that causes the Atman to be caught, as it were, in so many millions of beings, 
and these are distinguishable only through name and form. If you leave it alone, 
let name and form go, all this variety vanishes for ever, and you are what you 
really are. This is Maya. 

It is again no theory, but a statement of facts. When the realist states that this 
table exists, what he means is, that this table has an independent existence of its 
own, that it does not depend on the existence of anything else in the universe, 



and if this whole universe be destroyed and annihilated, this table will remain 
just as it is now. A little thought will show you that it cannot be so. Everything 
here in the sense- world is dependent and interdependent, relative and 
correlative, the existence of one depending on the other. There are three steps, 
therefore, in our knowledge of things; the first is that each thing is individual 
and separate from every other; and the next step is to find that there is a relation 
and correlation between all things; and the third is that there is only one thing 
which we see as many. The first idea of God with the ignorant is that this God is 
somewhere outside the universe, that is to say, the conception of God is 
extremely human; He does just what a man does, only on a bigger and higher 
scale. And we have seen how that idea of God is proved in a few words to be 
unreasonable and insufficient. And the next idea is the idea of a power we see 
manifested everywhere. This is the real Personal God we get in the Chandi , but, 
mark me, not a God that you make the reservoir of all good qualities only. You 
cannot have two Gods, God and Satan; you must have only one and dare to call 
Him good and bad. Have only one and take the logical consequences. We read 
in the Chandi : "We salute Thee, O Divine Mother, who lives in every being as 
peace. We salute Thee, O Divine Mother, who lives in all beings as purity." At 
the same time we must take the whole consequence of calling Him the All- 
formed. "All this is bliss, O Gargi; wherever there is bliss there is a portion of 
the Divine," You may use it how you like. In this light before me, you may give 
a poor man a hundred rupees, and another man may forge your name, but the 
light will be the same for both. This is the second stage. And the third is that 
God is neither outside nature nor inside nature, but God and nature and soul and 
universe are all convertible terms. You never see two things; it is your 
metaphysical words that have deluded you. You assume that you are a body and 
have a soul, and that you are both together. How can that be? Try in your own 
mind. If there is a Yogi among you, he knows himself as Chaitanya, for him the 
body has vanished. An ordinary man thinks of himself as a body; the idea of 
spirit has vanished from him; but because the metaphysical ideas exist that man 
has a body and a soul and all these things, you think they are all simultaneously 
there. One thing at a time. Do not talk of God when you see matter; you see the 
effect and the effect alone, and the cause you cannot see, and the moment you 
can see the cause, the effect will have vanished. Where is the world then, and 
who has taken it off? 



"One that is present always as consciousness, the bliss absolute, beyond all 
bounds, beyond all compare, beyond all qualities, ever-free, limitless as the sky, 
without parts, the absolute, the perfect — such a Brahman, O sage, O learned 
one, shines in the heart of the Jnani in Samadhi. ( Vivekachudamani , 408). 

"Where all the changes of nature cease for ever, who is thought beyond all 
thoughts, who is equal to all yet having no equal, immeasurable, whom Vedas 
declare, who is the essence in what we call our existence, the perfect — such a 
Brahman, O sage, O learned one, shines in the heart of the Jnani in Samadhi. 
(Ibid., 409) 

"Beyond all birth and death, the Infinite One, incomparable, like the whole 
universe deluged in water in Mahapralaya — water above, water beneath, water 
on all sides, and on the face of that water not a wave, not a ripple — silent and 
calm, all visions have died out, all fights and quarrels and the war of fools and 
saints have ceased for ever — such a Brahman, O sage, O learned one, shines in 
the heart of the Jnani in Samadhi." (Ibid., 410) 

That also comes, and when that comes the world has vanished. 

We have seen then that this Brahman, this Reality is unknown and unknowable, 
not in the sense of the agnostic, but because to know Him would be a 
blasphemy, because you are He already. We have also seen that this Brahman is 
not this table and yet is this table. Take off the name and form, and whatever is 
reality is He. He is the reality in everything. 

"Thou art the woman, thou the man, thou art the boy, and the girl as well, thou 
the old man supporting thyself on a stick, thou art all in all in the universe." 

That is the theme of Advaitism. A few words more. Herein lies, we find, the 
explanation of the essence of things. We have seen how here alone we can take 
a firm stand against all the onrush of logic and scientific knowledge. Here at last 
reason has a firm foundation, and, at the same time, the Indian Vedantist does 
not curse the preceding steps; he looks back and he blesses them, and he knows 
that they were true, only wrongly perceived, and wrongly stated. They were the 
same truth, only seen through the glass of Maya, distorted it may be — yet 
truth, and nothing but truth. The same God whom the ignorant man saw outside 
nature, the same whom the little - knowing man saw as interpenetrating the 



universe, and the same whom the sage realises as his own Self, as the whole 
universe itself — all are One and the same Being, the same entity seen from 
different standpoints, seen through different glasses of Maya, perceived by 
different minds, and all the difference was caused by that. Not only so, but one 
view must lead to the other. What is the difference between science and 
common knowledge? Go out into the streets in the dark, and if something 
unusual is happening there, ask one of the passers-by what is the cause of it. If 
is ten to one that he will tell you it is a ghost causing the phenomenon. He is 
always going after ghosts and spirits outside, because it is the nature of 
ignorance to seek for causes outside of effects. If a stone falls, it has been 
thrown by a devil or a ghost, says the ignorant man, but the scientific man says 
it is the law of nature, the law of gravitation. 

What is the fight between science and religion everywhere? Religions are 
encumbered with such a mass of explanations which come from outside — one 
angel is in charge of the sun, another of the moon, and so on ad infinitum. Every 
change is caused by a spirit, the one common point of agreement being that they 
are all outside the thing. Science means that the cause of a thing is sought out by 
the nature of the thing itself. As step by step science is progressing, it has taken 
the explanation of natural phenomena out of the hands of spirits and angels. 
Because Advaitism has done likewise in spiritual matters, it is the most 
scientific religion. This universe has not been created by any extra-cosmic God, 
nor is it the work of any outside genius. It is self-creating, self-dissolving, self- 
manifesting, One Infinite Existence, the Brahman. Tattvamasi Shvetaketo — 
"That thou art! O Shvetaketu!" 

Thus you see that this, and this alone, and none else, can be the only scientific 
religion. And with all the prattle about science that is going on daily at the 
present time in modern half-educated India, with all the talk about rationalism 
and reason that I hear every day, I expect that; whole sects of you will come 
over and dare to be Advaitists, and dare to preach it to the world in the words of 
Buddha, foppfcr? — "For the good of many, for the happiness of 

many." If you do not, I take you for cowards. If you cannot get over your 
cowardice, if your fear is your excuse, allow the same liberty to others, do not 
try to break up the poor idol- worshipper, do not call him a devil, do not go 
about preaching to every man, that does not agree entirely with you. Know first, 



that you are cowards yourselves, and if society frightens you, if your own 
superstitions of the past frighten you so much, how much more will these 
superstitions frighten and bind down those who are ignorant? That is the 
Advaita position. Have mercy on others. Would to God that the whole world 
were Advaitists tomorrow, not only in theory, but in realisation. But if that 
cannot be, let us do the next best thing; let us take the ignorant by the band, lead 
them always step by step just as they can go, and know that every step in all 
religious growth in India has been progressive. It is not from bad to good, but 
from good to better. 

Something more has to be told about the moral relation. Our boys blithely talk 
nowadays; they learn from somebody — the Lord knows from whom — that 
Advaita makes people immoral, because if we are all one and all God, what 
need of morality will there be at all! In the first place, that is the argument of the 
brute, who can only be kept down by the whip. If you are such brutes, commit 
suicide rather than pass for human beings who have to be kept down by the 
whip. If the whip is taken away, you will all be demons! You ought all to be 
killed if such is the case. There is no help for you; you must always be living 
under this whip and rod, and there is no salvation, no escape for you. 

In the second place, Advaita and Advaita alone explains morality. Every 
religion preaches that the essence of all morality is to do good to others. And 
why? Be unselfish. And why should I? Some God has said it? He is not for me. 
Some texts have declared it? Let them; that is nothing to me; let them all tell it. 
And if they do, what is it to me? Each one for himself, and somebody take the 
hindermost — that is all the morality in the world, at least with many. What is 
the reason that I should be moral? You cannot explain it except when you come 
to know the truth as given in the Gita: "He who sees everyone in himself, and 
himself in everyone, thus seeing the same God living in all, he, the sage, no 
more kills the Self by the self." Know through Advaita that whomsoever you 
hurt, you hurt yourself; they are all you. Whether you know it or not, through all 
hands you work, through all feet you move, you are the king enjoying in the 
palace, you are the beggar leading that miserable existence in the street; you are 
in the ignorant as well as in the learned, you are in the man who is weak, and 
you are in the strong; know this and be sympathetic. And that is why we must 
not hurt others. That is why I do not even care whether I have to starve, because 



there will be millions of mouths eating at the same time, and they are all mine. 
Therefore I should not care what becomes of me and mine, for the whole 
universe is mine, I am enjoying all the bliss at the same time; and who can kill 
me or the universe? Herein is morality. Here, in Advaita alone, is morality 
explained. The others teach item but cannot give you its reason. Then, so far 
about explanation. 

What is the gain? It is strength. Take off that veil of hypnotism which you have 
cast upon the world, send not out thoughts and words of weakness unto 
humanity. Know that all sins and all evils can be summed up in that one word, 
weakness. It is weakness that is the motive power in all evil doing; it is 
weakness that is the source of all selfishness; it is weakness that makes men 
injure others; it is weakness that makes them manifest what they are not in 
reality. Let them all know what they are; let them repeat day and night what 
they are. Soham. Let them suck it in with their mothers' milk, this idea of 
strength — I am He, I am He. This is to be heard first — 

■ c lterl ftf^ildd^: etc. And then let them think of it, and out of that thought, 
out of that heart will proceed works such as the world has never seen. What has 
to be done? Ay, this Advaita is said by some to be impracticable; that is to say, 
it is not yet manifesting itself on the material plane. To a certain extent that is 
true, for remember the saying of the Vedas: 



M dd. II 



"Om, this is the Brahman; Om, this is the greatest reality; he who knows the 
secret of this Om, whatever he desires that he gets." Ay, therefore first know the 
secret of this Om, that you are the Om; know the secret of this Tattvamasi, and 
then and then alone whatever you want shall come to you. If you want to be 
great materially, believe that you are so. I may be a little bubble, and you may 
be a wave mountain-high, but know that for both of us the infinite ocean is the 
background, the infinite Brahman is our magazine of power and strength, and 
we can draw as much as we like, both of us, I the bubble and you the mountain- 
high wave. Believe, therefore, in yourselves. The secret of Advaita is: Believe 
in yourselves first, and then believe in anything else. In the history of the world, 
you will find that only those nations that have believed in themselves have 



become great and strong. In the history of each nation, you will always find that 
only those individuals who have believed in themselves have become great and 
strong. Here, to India, came an Englishman who was only a clerk, and for want 
of funds and other reasons he twice tried to blow his brains out; and when he 
failed, he believed in himself, he believed that he was born to do great things; 
and that man became Lord Clive, the founder of the Empire. If he had believed 
the Padres and gone crawling all his life — "O Lord, I am weak, and I am low" 
— where would he have been? In a lunatic asylum. You also are made lunatics 
by these evil teachings. I have seen, all the world over, the bad effects of these 
weak teachings of humility destroying the human race. Our children are brought 
up in this way, and is it a wonder that they become semi-lunatics? 

This is teaching on the practical side. Believe, therefore, in yourselves, and if 
you want material wealth, work it out; it will come to you. If you want to be 
intellectual, work it out on the intellectual plane, and intellectual giants you 
shall be. And if you want to attain to freedom, work it out on the spiritual plane, 
and free you shall be and shall enter into Nirvana, the Eternal Bliss. But one 
defect which lay in the Advaita was its being worked out so long on the spiritual 
plane only, and nowhere else; now the time has come when you have to make it 
practical. It shall no more be a Rahasya, a secret, it shall no more live with 
monks in caves and forests, and in the Himalayas; it must come down to the 
daily, everyday life of the people; it shall be worked out in the palace of the 
king, in the cave of the recluse; it shall be worked out in the cottage of the poor, 
by the beggar in the street, everywhere; anywhere it can be worked out. 
Therefore do not fear whether you are a woman or a Shudra, for this religion is 
so great, says Lord Krishna, that even a little of it brings a great amount of 
good. 

Therefore, children of the Aryans, do not sit idle; awake, arise, and stop not till 
the goal is reached. The time has come when this Advaita is to be worked out 
practically. Let us bring it down from heaven unto the earth; this is the present 
dispensation. Ay, the voices of our forefathers of old are telling us to bring it 
down from heaven to the earth. Let your teachings permeate the world, till they 
have entered into every pore of society, till they have become the common 
property of everybody, till they have become part and parcel of our lives, till 
they have entered into our veins and tingle with every drop of blood there. 



Ay, you may be astonished to hear that as practical Vedantists the Americans 
are better than we are. I used to stand on the seashore at New York and look at 
the emigrants coming from different countries — crushed, down-trodden, 
hopeless, unable to look a man in the face, with a little bundle of clothes as all 
their possession, and these all in rags; if they saw a policeman they were afraid 
and tried to get to the other side of the foot-path. And, mark you, in six months 
those very men were walking erect, well clothed, looking everybody in the face; 
and what made this wonderful difference? Say, this man comes from Armenia 
or somewhere else where he was crushed down beyond all recognition, where 
everybody told him he was a born slave and born to remain in a low state all his 
life, and where at the least move on his part he was trodden upon. There 
everything told him, as it were, "Slave! you are a slave, remain so. Hopeless you 
were born, hopeless you must remain." Even the very air murmured round him, 
as it were, "There is no hope for you; hopeless and a slave you must remain", 
while the strong man crushed the life out of him. And when he landed in the 
streets of New York, he found a gentleman, well-dressed, shaking him by the 
hand; it made no difference that the one was in rags and the other well-clad. He 
went a step further and saw restaurant, that there were gentlemen dining at a 
table, and he was asked to take a seat at the corner of the same table. He went 
about and found a new life, that there was a place where he was a man among 
men. Perhaps he went to Washington, shook hands with the President of the 
United States, and perhaps there he saw men coming from distant villages, 
peasants, and ill clad, all shaking hands with the President. Then the veil of 
Maya slipped away from him. He is Brahman, he who has been hypnotised into 
slavery and weakness is once more awake, and he rises up and finds himself a 
man in a world of men. Ay, in this country of ours, the very birth-place of the 
Vedanta, our masses have been hypnotised for ages into that state. To touch 
them is pollution, to sit with them is pollution! Hopeless they were born, 
hopeless they must remain! And the result is that they have been sinking, 
sinking, sinking, and have come to the last stage to which a human being can 
come. For what country is there in the world where man has to sleep with the 
cattle? And for this, blame nobody else, do not commit the mistake of the 
ignorant. The effect is here and the cause is here too. We are to blame. Stand up, 
be bold, and take the blame on your own shoulders. Do not go about throwing 
mud at others; for all the faults you suffer from, you are the sole and only cause. 



Young men of Lahore, understand this, therefore, this great sin hereditary and 
national, is on our shoulders. There is no hope for us. You may make thousands 
of societies, twenty thousand political assemblages, fifty thousand institutions. 
These will be of no use until there is that sympathy, that love, that heart that 
thinks for all; until Buddha's heart comes once more into India, until the words 
of the Lord Krishna are brought to their practical use, there is no hope for us. 
You go on imitating the Europeans and their societies and their assemblages, 
but let me tell you a story, a fact that I saw with my own eyes. A company of 
Burmans was taken over to London by some persons here, who turned out to be 
Eurasians. They exhibited these people in London, took all the money, and then 
took these Burmans over to the Continent, and left them there for good or evil. 
These poor people did not know a word of any European language, but the 
English Consul in Austria sent them over to London. They were helpless in 
London, without knowing anyone. But an English lady got to know of them, 
took these foreigners from Burma into her own house, gave them her own 
clothes, her bed, and everything, and then sent the news to the papers. And, 
mark you, the next day the whole nation was, as it were, roused. Money poured 
in, and these people were helped out and sent back to Burma. On this sort of 
sympathy are based all their political and other institutions; it is the rock- 
foundation of love, for themselves at least. They may not love the world; and 
the Burmans may be their enemies, but in England, it goes without saying, there 
is this great love for their own people, for truth and justice and charity to the 
stranger at the door. I should be the most ungrateful man if I did not. tell you 
how wonderfully and how hospitably I was received in every country in the 
West. Where is the heart here to build upon? No sooner do we start a little joint- 
stock company than we try to cheat each other, and the whole thing comes down 
with a crash. You talk of imitating the English and building up as big a nation as 
they are. But where are the foundations? Ours are only sand, and, therefore, the 
building comes down with a crash in no time. 

Therefore, young men of Lahore, raise once more that mighty banner of 
Advaita, for on no other ground can you have that wonderful love until you see 
that the same Lord is present everywhere. Unfurl that banner of love! "Arise, 
awake, and stop not till the goal is reached." Arise, arise once more, for nothing 
can be done without renunciation. If you want to help others, your little self 
must go. In the words of the Christians — you cannot serve God and Mammon 



at the same time. Have Vairagya. Your ancestors gave up the world for doing 
great things. At the present time there are men who give up the world to help 
their own salvation. Throw away everything, even your own salvation, and go 
and help others. Ay you are always talking bold words, but here is practical 
Vedanta before you. Give up this little life of yours. What matters it if you die 
of starvation — you and I and thousands like us — so long as this nation lives? 
The nation is sinking, the curse of unnumbered millions is on our heads — 
those to whom we have been giving ditch-water to drink when they have been 
dying of thirst and while the perennial river of water was flowing past, the 
unnumbered millions whom we have allowed to starve in sight of plenty, the 
unnumbered millions to whom we have talked of Advaita and whom we have 
hated with all our strength, the unnumbered millions for whom we have 
invented the doctrine of Lokachara (usage), to whom we have talked 
theoretically that we are all the same and all are one with the same Lord, 
without even an ounce of practice. "Yet, my friends, it must be only in the mind 
and never in practice!" Wipe off this blot. "Arise and awake." What matters it if 
this little life goes? Everyone has to die, the saint or the sinner, the rich or the 
poor. The body never remains for anyone. Arise and awake and be perfectly 
sincere. Our insincerity in India is awful; what we want is character, that 
steadiness and character that make a man cling on to a thing like grim death. 

"Let the sages blame or let them praise, let Lakshmi come today or let her go 
away, let death come just now or in a hundred years; he indeed is the sage who 
does not make one false step from the right path." Arise and awake, for the time 
is passing and all our energies will be: frittered away in vain talking. Arise and 
awake, let minor things, and quarrels over little details and fights over little 
doctrines be thrown aside, for here is the greatest of all works, here are the 
sinking millions. When the Mohammedans first came into India, what a great 
number of Hindus were here; but mark, how today they have dwindled down! 
Every day they will become less and less till they wholly disappear. Let them 
disappear, but with them will disappear the marvellous ideas, of which, with all 
their defects and all their misrepresentations, they still stand as representatives. 
And with them will disappear this marvellous Advaita, the crest-jewel of all 
spiritual thought. Therefore, arise, awake, with your hands stretched out to 
protect the spirituality of the world. And first of all, work it out for your own 
country. What we want is not so much spirituality as a little of the bringing 



down of the Advaita into the material world. First bread and then religion. We 
stuff them too much with religion, when the poor fellows have been starving. 

No dogmas will satisfy the cravings of hunger. There are two curses here: first 
our weakness, secondly, our hatred, our dried-up hearts. You may talk doctrines 
by the millions, you may have sects by the hundreds of millions; ay, but it is 
nothing until you have the heart to feel. Feel for them as your Veda teaches you, 
till you find they are parts of your own bodies, till you realise that you and they, 
the poor and the rich, the saint and the sinner, are all parts of One Infinite 
Whole, which you call Brahman. 

Gentlemen, I have tried to place before you a few of the most brilliant points of 
the Advaita system, and now the time has come when it should be carried into 
practice, not only in this country but everywhere. Modern science and its sledge- 
hammer blows are pulverising the porcelain foundations of all dualistic 
religions everywhere. Not only here are the dualists torturing texts till they will 
extend no longer — for texts are not India-rubber — it is not only here that they 
are trying to get into the nooks and corners to protect themselves; it is still more 
so in Europe and America. And even there something of this idea will have to 
go from India. It has already got there. It will have to grow and increase and 
save their civilisations too. For in the West the old order of things is vanishing, 
giving way to a new order of things, which is the worship of gold, the worship 
of Mammon. Thus this old crude system of religion was better than the modern 
system, namely — competition and gold. No nation, however strong, can stand 
on such foundations, and the history of the world tells us that all that had such 
foundations are dead and gone. In the first place we have to stop the incoming 
of such a wave in India. Therefore preach the Advaita to every one, so that 
religion may withstand the shock of modern science. Not only so, you will have 
to help others; your thought will help out Europe and America. But above all, 
let me once more remind you that here is need of practical work, and the first 
part of that is that you should go to the sinking millions of India, and take them 
by the hand, remembering the words of the Lord Krishna: 

#1 ” to ■RH: i 

fto ^ m wr mr wifrr t to: n 

"Even in this life they have conquered relative existence whose minds are firm- 
fixed on the sameness of everything, for God is pure and the same to all; 



therefore, such are said to be living in God." 



» 



« 



Home / Complete- Works / Volume 3 / Lectures from Colombo to Almora / 



VEDANTISM 

At Khetri on 20th December 1897, Swami Vivekananda delivered a lecture on 
Vedantism in the hall of the Maharaja's bungalow in which he lodged with his 
disciples. The Swami was introduced by the Raja, who was the president of the 
meeting; and he spoke for more than an hour and a half. The Swami was at his 
best, and it was a matter of regret that no shorthand writer was present to report 
this interesting lecture at length. The following is a summary from notes taken 
down at the time: 

Two nations of yore, namely the Greek and the Aryan placed in different 
environments and circumstances — the former, surrounded by all that was 
beautiful, sweet, and tempting in nature, with an invigorating climate, and the 
latter, surrounded on every side by all that was sublime, and born and nurtured 
in a climate which did not allow of much physical exercise — developed two 
peculiar and different ideals of civilization. The study of the Greeks was the 
outer infinite, while that of the Aryans was the inner infinite; one studied the 
macrocosm, and the other the microcosm. Each had its distinct part to play in 
the civilisation of the world. Not that one was required to borrow from the 
other, but if they compared notes both would be the gainers. The Aryans were 
by nature an analytical race. In the sciences of mathematics and grammar 
wonderful fruits were gained, and by the analysis of mind the full tree was 
developed. In Pythagoras, Socrates, Plato, and the Egyptian neo-Platonists, we 
can find traces of Indian thought. 

The Swami then traced in detail the influence of Indian thought on Europe and 
showed how at different periods Spain, Germany, and other European countries 
were greatly influenced by it. The Indian prince, Dara-Shuko, translated the 
Upanishads into Persian, and a Latin translation of the same was seen by 
Schopenhauer, whose philosophy was moulded by these. Next to him, the 
philosophy of Kant also shows traces of the teachings of the Upanishads. In 
Europe it is the interest in comparative philology that attracts scholars to the 
study of Sanskrit, though there are men like Deussen who take interest in 
philosophy for its own sake. The Swami hoped that in future much more 
interest would be taken in the study of Sanskrit. He then showed that the word 



"Hindu" in former times was full of meaning, as referring to the people living 
beyond the Sindhu or the Indus; it is now meaningless, representing neither the 
nation nor their religion, for on this side of the Indus, various races professing 
different religions live at the present day. 

The Swami then dwelt at length on the Vedas and stated that they were not 
spoken by any person, but the ideas were evolving slowly and slowly until they 
were embodied in book form, and then that book became the authority. He said 
that various religions were embodied in books: the power of books seemed to 
be infinite. The Hindus have their Vedas, and will have to hold on to them for 
thousands of years more, but their ideas about them are to be changed and built 
anew on a solid foundation of rock. The Vedas, he said, were a huge literature. 
Ninety-nine per cent of them were missing; they were in the keeping of certain 
families, with whose extinction the books were lost. But still, those that are left 
now could not be contained even in a large hall like that. They severe written in 
language archaic and simple; their grammar was very crude, so much so that it 
was said that some part of the Vedas had no meaning. 

He then dilated on the two portions of the Vedas — the Karma Kanda and the 
Jnana Kanda. The Karma Kanda, he said, were the Samhitas and the 
Brahmanas. The Brahmanas dealt with sacrifices. The Samhitas were songs 
composed in Chhandas known as Anushtup, Trishtup, Jagati, etc. Generally 
they praised deities such as Varuna or Indra; and the question arose who were 
these deities; and if any theories were raised about them, they were smashed up 
by other theories, and so on it went. 

The Swami then proceeded to explain different ideas of worship. With the 
ancient Babylonians, the soul was only a double, having no individuality of its 
own and not able to break its connection with the body. This double was 
believed to suffer hunger and thirst, feelings and emotions like those of the old 
body. Another idea was that if the first body was injured the double would be 
injured also; when the first was annihilated, the double also perished; so the 
tendency grew to preserve the body, and thus mummies, tombs, and graves 
came into existence. The Egyptians, the Babylonians, and the Jews never got 
any farther than this idea of the double; they did not reach to the idea of the 

/V 

Atman beyond. 



Prof Max Muller's opinion was that not the least trace of ancestral worship 
could be found in the Rig- Veda. There we do not meet with the horrid sight of 
mummies staring stark and blank at us. There the gods were friendly to man; 
communion between the worshipper and the worshipped was healthy. There 
was no moroseness, no want of simple joy, no lack of smiles or light in the 
eyes. The Swami said that dwelling on the Vedas he even seemed to hear the 
laughter of the gods. The Vedic Rishis might not have had finish in their 
expression, but they were men of culture and heart, and we are brutes in 
comparison to them. Swamiji then recited several Mantras in confirmation of 
what he had just said: "Carry him to the place where the Fathers live, where 
there is no grief or sorrow" etc. Thus the idea arose that the sooner the dead 
body was cremated the better. By degrees they came to know that there was a 
finer body that went to a place where there was all joy and no sorrow. In the 
Semitic type of religion there was tribulation and fear; it was thought that if a 
man saw God, he would die. But according to the Rig- Veda, when a man saw 
God face to face then began his real life. 



Now the questions came to be asked: What were these gods? Sometimes Indra 
came and helped man; sometimes Indra drank too much Soma. Now and again, 
adjectives such as all-powerful, all-pervading, were attributed to him; the same 
was the case with Varuna. In this way it went on, and some of these Mantras 
depicting the characteristics of these gods were marvellous, and the language 
was exceedingly grand. The speaker here repeated the famous Nasadiya Sukta 
which describes the Pralaya state and in which occurs the idea of "Darkness 
covering darkness", and asked if the persons that described these sublime ideas 
in such poetic thought were uncivilised and uncultured, then what we should 
call ourselves. It was not for him, Swamiji said, to criticise or pass any 
judgment on those Rishis and their gods — Indra or Varuna. All this was like a 
panorama, unfolding one scene after another, and behind them all as a 
background stood out 



— "That which exists is One; sages 



call It variously." The whole thing was most mystical, marvellous, and 
exquisitely beautiful. It seemed even yet quite unapproachable — the veil was 
so thin that it would rend, as it were, at the least touch and vanish like a mirage. 



Continuing, he said that one thing seemed to him quite clear and possible that 
the Aryans too, like the Greeks, went to outside nature for their solution, that 



nature tempted them outside, led them step by step to the outward world, 
beautiful and good. But here in India anything which was not sublime counted 
for nothing. It never occurred to the Greeks to pry into the secrets after death. 
But here from the beginning was asked again and again "What am I? What will 
become of me after death?" There the Greek thought — the man died and went 
to heaven. What was meant by going to heaven? It meant going outside of 
everything; there was nothing inside, everything was outside; his search was all 
directed outside, nay, he himself was, as it were, outside himself. And when he 
went to a place which was very much like this world minus all its sorrows, he 
thought he had got everything that was desirable and was satisfied; and there 
all ideas of religion stopped. But this did not satisfy the Hindu mind. In its 
analysis, these heavens were all included within the material universe. 
"Whatever comes by combination", the Hindus said, "dies of annihilation". 
They asked external nature, "Do you know what is soul?" and nature answered, 
"No". "Is there any God?" Nature answered, "I do not know". Then they turned 
away from nature. They understood that external nature, however great and 
grand, was limited in space and time. Then there arose another voice; new 
sublime thoughts dawned in their minds. That voice said — "Neti, Neti", "Not 
this, not this". All the different gods were now reduced into one; the suns, 
moons, and stars — nay, the whole universe — were one, and upon this new 
ideal the spiritual basis of religion was built. 



— "There the sun doth not shine, neither the moon, nor stars, nor lightning, 
what to speak of this fire. He shining, everything doth shine. Through Him 
everything shineth." No more is there that limited, crude, personal idea; no 
more is there that little idea of God sitting in judgment; no more is that search 
outside, but henceforth it is directed inside. Thus the Upanishads became the 
Bible of India. It was a vast literature, these Upanishads, and all the schools 
holding different opinions in India came to be established on the foundation of 
the Upanishads. 

The Swami passed on to the dualistic, qualified monistic, and Advaitic theories, 
and reconciled them by saying that each one of these was like a step by which 



one passed before the other was reached; the final evolution to Advaitism was 
the natural outcome, and the last step was "Tattvamasi". He pointed out where 
even the great commentators Shankaracharya, Ramanujacharya, and 
Madhvacharya had committed mistakes. Each one believed in the Upanishads 
as the sole authority, but thought that they preached one thing, one path only. 
Thus Shankaracharya committed the mistake in supposing that the whole of the 
Upanishads taught one thing, which was Advaitism, and nothing else; and 
wherever a passage bearing distinctly the Dvaita idea occurred, he twisted and 
tortured the meaning to make it support his own theory. So with Ramanuja and 
Madhvacharya when pure Advaitic texts occurred. It was perfectly true that the 
Upanishads had one thing to teach, but that was taught as a going up from one 
step to another. Swamiji regretted that in modern India the spirit of religion is 
gone; only the externals remain. The people are neither Hindus nor Vedantists. 
They are merely don't- touchists; the kitchen is their temple and Handi Bartans 
(cooking pots) are their Devata (object of worship). This state of things must 
go. The sooner it is given up the better for our religion. Let the Upanishads 
shine in their glory, and at the same time let not quarrels exist amongst 
different sects. 

As Swamiji was not keeping good health, he felt exhausted at this stage of his 
speech; so he took a little rest for half an hour, during which time the whole 
audience waited patiently to hear the rest of the lecture. He came out and spoke 
again for half an hour, and explained that knowledge was the finding of unity 
in diversity, and the highest point in every science was reached when it found 
the one unity underlying all variety. This was as true in physical science as in 
the spiritual. 



» 



« 



Home / Complete- Works / Volume 3 / Lectures from Colombo to Almora / 



THE INFLUENCE OF INDIAN SPIRITUAL THOUGHT IN ENGLAND 

The Swami Vivekananda presided over a meeting at which the Sister Nivedita 
(Miss M. E. Noble) delivered a lecture on "The Influence of Indian Spiritual 
Thought in England" on 11th March, 1898, at the Star Theatre, Calcutta. 

Swami Vivekananda on rising to introduce Miss Noble spoke as follows: 

Ladies and Gentlemen, 

When I was travelling through the Eastern parts of Asia, one thing especially 
struck me — that is the prevalence of Indian spiritual thought in Eastern 
Asiatic countries. You may imagine the surprise with which I noticed written 
on the walls of Chinese and Japanese temples some well-known Sanskrit 
Mantras, and possibly it will please you all the more to know that they were all 
in old Bengali characters, standing even in the present day as a monument of 
missionary energy and zeal displayed by our forefathers of Bengal. 

Apart from these Asiatic countries, the work of India's spiritual thought is so 
widespread and unmistakable that even in Western countries, going deep below 
the surface, I found traces of the same influence still present. It has now 
become a historical fact that the spiritual ideas of the Indian people travelled 
towards both the East and the West in days gone by. Everybody knows now 
how much the world owes to India's spirituality, and what a potent factor in the 
present and the past of humanity have been the spiritual powers of India. These 
are things of the past. I find another most remarkable phenomenon, and that is 
that the most stupendous powers of civilisation, and progress towards humanity 
and social progress, have been effected by that wonderful race — I mean the 
Anglo-Saxon. I may go further and tell you that had it not been for the power 
of the Anglo-Saxons we should not have met here today to discuss, as we are 
doing, the influence of our Indian spiritual thought. And coming back to our 
own country, coming from the West to the East, I see the same Anglo-Saxon 
powers working here with all their defects, but retaining their peculiarly 
characteristic good features, and I believe that at last the grand result is 
achieved. The British idea of expansion and progress is forcing us up, and let 



us remember that the civilisation of the West has been drawn from the fountain 
of the Greeks, and that the great idea of Greek civilization is that of expression. 
In India we think — but unfortunately sometimes we think so deeply that there 
is no power left for expression. Gradually, therefore, it came to pass that our 
force of expression did not manifest itself before the world, and what is the 
result of that? The result is this — we worked to hide everything we had. It 
began first with individuals as a faculty of hiding, and it ended by becoming a 
national habit of hiding — there is such a lack of power of expression with us 
that we are now considered a dead nation. Without expression, how can we 
live? The backbone of Western civilization is — expansion and expression. 

This side of the work of the Anglo-Saxon race in India, to which I draw your 
attention, is calculated to rouse our nation once more to express itself, and it is 
inciting it to bring out its hidden treasures before the world by using the means 
of communication provided by the same mighty race. The Anglo-Saxons have 
created a future for India, and the space through which our ancestral ideas are 
now ranging is simply phenomenal. Ay, what great facilities had our 
forefathers when they delivered their message of truth and salvation? Ay, how 
did the great Buddha preach the noble doctrine of universal brotherhood? There 
were I even then great facilities here, in our beloved India, for the attainment of 
real happiness, and we could easily send our ideas from one end of the world to 
the other. Now we have reached even the Anglo-Saxon race. This is the kind of 
interaction now going on, and we find that our message is heard, and not only 
heard but is being responded to. Already England has given us some of her 
great intellects to help, us in our mission. Every one has heard and is perhaps 
familiar with my friend Miss Muller, who is now here on this platform. This 
lady, born of a very good family and well educated, has given her whole life to 
us out of love for India, and has made India her home and her family. Every 
one of you is familiar with the name of that noble and distinguished 
Englishwoman who has also given her whole life to work for the good of India 
and India's regeneration — I mean Mrs. Besant. Today, we meet on this 
platform two ladies from America who have the same mission in their hearts; 
and I can assure you that they also are willing to devote their lives to do the 
least good to our poor country. I take this opportunity of reminding you of the 
name of one of our countrymen — one who has seen England and America, 
one in whom I have great confidence, and whom I respect and love, and who 
would have been present here but for an engagement elsewhere — a man 



working steadily and silently for the good of our country, a man of great 
spirituality — I mean Mr. Mohini Mohan Chatterji. And now England has sent 
us another gift in Miss Margaret Noble, from whom we expect much. Without 
any more words of mine I introduce to you Miss Noble, who will now address 
you. 

After Sister Nivedita had finished her interesting lecture, the Swami rose and 
said: 

I have only a few words to say. We have an idea that we Indians can do 
something, and amongst the Indians we Bengalis may laugh at this idea; but I 
do not. My mission in life is to rouse a struggle in you. Whether you are an 
Advaitin, whether you are a qualified monist or dualist, it does not matter 
much. But let me draw your attention to one thing which unfortunately we 
always forget: that is — "O man, have faith in yourself." That isle the way by 
which we can have faith in God. Whether you are an Advaitist or a dualist, 
whether you are a believer in the system of Yoga or a believer in 
Shankaracharya, whether you are a follower of Vyasa or Vishvamitra, it does 
not matter much. But the thing is that on this point Indian thought differs from 
that of all the rest of the world. Let us remember for a moment that, whereas in 
every other religion and in every other country, the power of the soul is entirely 
ignored — the soul is thought of as almost powerless, weak, and inert — we in 
India consider the soul to be eternal and hold that it will remain perfect through 
all eternity. We should always bear in mind the teachings of the Upanishads. 

Remember your great mission in life. We Indians, and especially those of 
Bengal, have been invaded by a vast amount of foreign ideas that are eating 
into the very vitals of our national religion. Why are we so backwards 
nowadays? Why are ninety-nine per cent of us made up of entirely foreign 
ideas and elements? This has to be thrown out if we want to rise in the scale of 
nations. If we want to rise, we must also remember that we have many things to 
learn from the West. We should learn from the West her arts and her sciences. 
From the West we have to learn the sciences of physical nature, while on the 
other hand the West has to come to us to learn and assimilate religion and 
spiritual knowledge. We Hindu must believe that we are the teachers of the 
world. We have been clamouring here for getting political rights ant many 



other such things. Very well. Rights and privileges and other things can only 
come through friendship, and friendship can only be expected between two 
equals When one of the parties is a beggar, what friendship ca there be? It is all 
very well to speak so, but I say that without mutual co-operation we can never 
make ourselves strong men. So, I must call upon you to go out to England and 
America, not as beggars but as teachers of religion. The law of exchange must 
be applied to the best of our power. If we have to learn from them the ways and 
methods of making ourselves happy in this life, why, in return, should we not 
give them the methods and ways that would make them happy for all eternity? 
Above all, work for the good of humanity. Give up the so-called boast of your 
narrow orthodox life. Death is waiting for every one, and mark you this — the 
most marvellous historical fact — that all the nations of the world have to sit 
down patiently at the feet of India to learn the eternal truths embodied in her 
literature. India dies not. China dies not. Japan dies not. Therefore, we must 
always remember that our backbone is spirituality, and to do that we must have 
a guide who will show the path to us, that path about which I am talking just 
now. If any of you do not believe it, if there be a Hindu boy amongst us who is 
not ready to believe that his religion is pure spirituality, I do not call him a 
Hindu. I remember in one of the villages of Kashmir, while talking to an old 
Mohammedan lady I asked her in a mild voice, "What religion is yours?" She 
replied in her own language, "Praise the Lord! By the mercy of God, I am a 
Mussulman." And then I asked a Hindu, "What is your religion?" He plainly 
replied, "I am a Hindu." I remember that grand word of the Katha Upanishad 
— Shraddha or marvellous faith. An instance of Shraddha can be found in the 
life of Nachiketa. To preach the doctrine of Shraddha or genuine faith is the 
mission of my life. Let me repeat to you that this faith is one of the potent 
factors of humanity and of all religions. Lirst, have faith in yourselves. Know 
that though one may be a little bubble and another may be a mountain-high 
wave, yet behind both the bubble and the wave there is the infinite ocean. 
Therefore there is hope for every one. There is salvation for every one. Every 
one must sooner or later get rid of the bonds of Maya. This is the first thing to 
do. Infinite hope begets infinite aspiration. If that faith comes to us, it will 
bring back our national life as it was in the days of Vyasa and Arjuna — the 
days when all our sublime doctrines of humanity were preached. Today we are 
far behindhand in spiritual insight and spiritual thoughts. India had plenty of 
spirituality, so much so that her spiritual greatness made India the greatest 



nation of the then existing races of the world; and if traditions and hopes are to 
be believed, those days will come back once more to us, and that depends upon 
you. You, young men of Bengal, do not look up to the rich and great men who 
have money. The poor did all the great and gigantic work of the world. You, 
poor men of Bengal, come up, you can do everything, and you must do 
everything. Many will follow your example, poor though you are. Be steady, 
and, above all, be pure and sincere to the back-bone. Have faith in your destiny. 
You, young men of Bengal, are to work out the salvation of India. Mark that, 
whether you believe it or not, do not think that it will be done today or 
tomorrow. I believe in it as I believe in my own body and my own soul. 
Therefore my heart goes to you — young men of Bengal. It depends upon you 
who have no money; because you are poor, therefore you will work. Because 
you have nothing, therefore you will be sincere. Because you are sincere, you 
will be ready to renounce all. That is what I am just now telling you. Once 
more I repeat this to you. This is your mission in life, this is my mission in life. 
I do not care what philosophy you take up; only I am ready to prove here that 
throughout the whole of India, there runs a mutual and cordial string of eternal 
faith in the perfection of humanity, and I believe in it myself. And let that faith 
be spread over the whole land. 



» 



« 



Home / Complete- Works / Volume 3 / Lectures from Colombo to Almora / 



SANNYASA: ITS IDEAL AND PRACTICE 

A parting Address was given to Swamiji by the junior Sannyasins of the Math 
(Belur), on the eve of his leaving for the West for the second time. The 
following is the substance of Swamiji's reply as entered in the Math Diary on 
19th June 1899: 

This is not the time for a long lecture. But I shall speak to you in brief about a 
few things which I should like you to carry into practice. First, we have to 
understand the ideal, and then the methods by which we can make it practical. 
Those of you who are Sannyasins must try to do good to others, for Sannyasa 
means that. There is no time to deliver a long discourse on "Renunciation", but 
I shall very briefly characterise it as " the love of death'. Worldly people love 
life. The Sannyasin is to love death. Are we to commit suicide then? Far from 
it. For suicides are not lovers of death, as it is often seen that when a man 
trying to commit suicide fails, he never attempts it for a second time. What is 
the love of death then? We must die, that is certain; let us die then for a good 
cause. Let all our actions — eating, drinking, and everything that we do — tend 
towards the sacrifice of our self. You nourish your body by eating. What good 
is there in doing that if you do not hold it as a sacrifice to the well-being of 
others? You nourish your minds by reading books. There is no good in doing 
that unless you hold it also as a sacrifice to the whole world. For the whole 
world is one; you are rated a very insignificant part of it, and therefore it is 
right for you that you should serve your millions of brothers rather than 
aggrandise this little self. 

^=\: qrftrcra; ~ i 

^=\: ^Ij^l Id@f3 II 

"With hands and feet everywhere, with eyes, heads, and mouths everywhere, 
with ears everywhere in the universe, That exists pervading all." (Gita, XIII. 

13) 

Thus you must die a gradual death. In such a death is heaven, all good is stored 
therein — and in its opposite is all that is diabolical and evil. 



Then as to the methods of carrying the ideals into practical life. First, we have 
to understand that we must not have any impossible ideal. An ideal which is 
too high makes a nation weak and degraded. This happened after the 
Buddhistic and the Jain reforms. On the other hand, too much practicality is 
also wrong. If you have not even a little imagination, if you have no ideal let 
guide you, you are simply a brute. So we must not lower our ideal, neither are 
we to lose sight of practicality. We must avoid the two extremes. In our 
country, the old idea is to sit in a cave and meditate and die. To go ahead of 
others in salvation is wrong. One must learn sooner or later that one cannot get 
salvation if one does not try to seek the salvation of his brothers. You must try 
to combine in your life immense idealism with immense practicality. You must 
be prepared to go into deep meditation now, and the next moment you must be 
ready to go and cultivate these fields (Swamiji said, pointing to the meadows of 
the Math). You must be prepared to explain the difficult intricacies of the 
Shastras now, and the next moment to go and sell the produce of the fields in 
the market. You must be prepared for all menial services, not only here, but 
elsewhere also. 

The next thing to remember is that the aim of this institution is to make men. 
You must not merely learn what the Rishis taught. Those Rishis are gone, and 
their opinions are also gone with them. You must be Rishis yourselves. You are 
also men as much as the greatest men that were ever born — even our 
Incarnations. What can mere book-learning do? What can meditation do even? 
What can the Mantras and Tantras do? You must stand on your own feet. You 
must have this new method — the method of man-making. The true man is he 
who is strong as strength itself and yet possesses a woman's heart. You must 
feel for the millions of beings around you, and yet you must be strong and 
inflexible and you must also possess Obedience; though it may seem a little 
paradoxical — you must possess these apparently conflicting virtues. If your 
superior order you to throw yourself into a river and catch a crocodile, you 
must first obey and then reason with him. Even if the order be wrong, first obey 
and then contradict it. The bane of sects, especially in Bengal, is that if any one 
happens to have a different opinion, he immediately starts a new sect, he has no 
patience to wait. So you must have a deep regard for your Sangha. There is no 
place for disobedience here. Crush it out without mercy. No disobedient 
members here, you must turn them out. There must not be any traitors in the 



camp. You must be as free as the air, and as obedient as this plant and the dog. 

» 



Home / Complete- Works / Volume 3 / Lectures from Colombo to Almora / 

« 

WHAT HAVE I LEARNT? 

( Delivered at Dacca, 30th March, 1901) 

At Dacca Swamiji delivered two lectures in English. The first was on "What 
have I learnt?" and the second one was " The Religion we are born in ". The 
following is translated from a report in Bengali by a disciple, and it contains 
the substance of the first lecture: 

First of all, I must express my pleasure at the opportunity afforded me of 
coming to Eastern Bengal to acquire an intimate knowledge of this part of the 
country, which I hitherto lacked in spite of my wanderings through many 
civilised countries of the West, as well as my gratification at the sight of 
majestic rivers, wide fertile plains, and picturesque villages in this, my own 
country of Bengal, which I had not the good fortune of seeing for myself 
before. I did not know that there was everywhere in my country of Bengal — 
on land and water — so much beauty and charm. But this much has been my 
gain that after seeing the various countries of the world I can now much more 
appreciate the beauties of my own land. 

In the same way also, in search of religion, I had travelled among various sects 
— sects which had taken up the ideals of foreign nations as their own, and I 
had begged at the door of others, not knowing then that in the religion of my 
country, in our national religion, there was so much beauty and grandeur. It is 
now many years since I found Hinduism to be the most perfectly satisfying 
religion in the world. Hence I feel sad at heart when I see existing among my 
own countrymen, professing a peerless faith, such a widespread indifference to 
our religion — though I am very well aware of the unfavourable materialistic 
conditions in which they pass their lives — owing to the diffusion of European 
modes of thought in this, our great motherland. 

There are among us at the present day certain reformers who want to reform 
our religion or rather turn it topsyturvy with a view to the regeneration of the 
Hindu nation. There are, no doubt, some thoughtful people among them, but 



there are also many who follow others blindly and act most foolishly, not 
knowing what they are about. This class of reformers are very enthusiastic in 
introducing foreign ideas into our religion. They have taken hold of the word 
"idolatry", and aver that Hinduism is not true, because it is idolatrous. They 
never seek to find out what this so-called "idolatry" is, whether it is good or 
bad; only taking their cue from others, they are bold enough to shout down 
Hinduism as untrue. There is another class of men among us who are intent 
upon giving some slippery scientific explanations for any and every Hindu 
custom, rite, etc., and who are always talking of electricity, magnetism, air 
vibration, and all that sort of thing. Who knows but they will perhaps some day 
define God Himself as nothing but a mass of electric vibrations! However, 
Mother bless them all! She it is who is having Her work done in various ways 
through multifarious natures and tendencies. 

In contradistinction to these, there is that ancient class who say, "I do not know, 
I do not care to know or understand all these your hair-splitting ratiocinations; I 
want God, I want the Atman, I want to go to that Beyond, where there is no 
universe, where there is no pleasure or pain, where dwells the Bliss Supreme"; 
who say, "I believe in salvation by bathing in the holy Ganga with faith"; who 
say, "whomsoever you may worship with singleness of faith and devotion as 
the one God of the universe, in whatsoever form as Shiva, Rama, Vishnu, etc., 
you will get Moksha"; to that sturdy ancient class I am proud to belong. 

Then there is a sect who advise us to follow God and the world together. They 
are not sincere, they do not express what they feel in their hearts. What is the 
teaching of the Great Ones? — "Where there is Rama, there is no Kama; where 
there is Kama, there Rama is not. Night and day can never exist together." The 
voice of the ancient sages proclaim to us, "If you desire to attain God, you will 
have to renounce Kama-Kanchana (lust and possession). The Samsara is 
unreal, hollow, void of substance. Unless you give it up, you can never reach 
God, try however you may. If you cannot do that, own that you are weak, but 
by no means lower the Ideal. Do not cover the corrupting corpse with leaves of 
gold!" So according to them, if you want to gain spirituality, to attain God, the 
first thing that you have to do is to give up this playing "hide-and-seek with 
your ideas", this dishonesty, this "theft within the chamber of thought". 



What have I learnt? What have I learnt from this ancient sect? I have learnt: 



wra II 

— "Verily, these three are rare to obtain and come only through the grace of 
God — human birth, desire to obtain Moksha, and the company of the great- 
souled ones." The first thing needed is Manushyatva, human birth, because it 
only is favourable to the attainment of Mukti. The next is Mumukshutva. 
Though our means of realisation vary according to the difference in sects and 
individuals — though different individuals can lay claim to their special rights 
and means to gain knowledge, which vary according to their different stations 
in life — yet it can be said in general without fear of contradiction that without 
this Mumukshuta, realisation of God is impossible. What is Mumukshutva? It 
is the strong desire for Moksha — earnest yearning to get out of the sphere of 
pain and pleasure — utter disgust for the world. When that intense burning 
desire to see God comes, then you should know that you are entitled to the 
realisation of the Supreme. 

Then another thing is necessary, and that is the coming in direct contact with 
the Mahapurushas, and thus molding our lives in accordance with those of the 
great- souled ones who have reached the Goal. Even disgust for the world and a 
burning desire for God are not sufficient. Initiation by the Guru is necessary. 
Why? Because it is the bringing of yourself into connection with that great 
source of power which has been handed down through generations from one 
Guru to another, in uninterrupted succession. The devotee must seek and accept 
the Guru or spiritual preceptor as his counsellor, philosopher, friend, and guide. 
In short, the Guru is the sine qua non of progress in the path of spirituality. 
Whom then shall I accept as my Guru? 

^ Wftol: 

— "He who is versed in the Vedas, without taint, unhurt by desire, he who is 
the best of the knowers of Brahman." Shrotriya — he who is not only learned 
in the Shastras, but who knows their subtle secrets, who has realised their true 
import in his life. "Reading merely the various scriptures, they have become 
only parrots, and not Pandits. He indeed has become a Pandit who has gained 



Prema (Divine Love) by reading even one word of the Shastras." Mere book- 
learned Pandits are of no avail. Nowadays, everyone wants to be a Guru; even a 
poor beggar wants to make a gift of a lakh of rupees ! Then the Guru must be 
without a touch of taint, and he must be Akamahata — unhurt by any desire — 
he should have no other motive except that of purely doing good to others, he 
should be an ocean of mercy- without-reason and not impart religious teaching 
with a view to gaining name or fame, or anything pertaining to selfish interest. 
And he must be the intense knower of Brahman, that is, one who has realised 

/V 

Brahman even as tangibly as an Amalaka-fruit in the palm of the hand. Such is 
the Guru, says the Shruti. When spiritual union is established with such a Guru, 
then comes realisation of God — then god- vision becomes easy of attainment. 

After initiation there should be in the aspirant after Truth, Abhyasa or earnest 
and repeated attempt at practical application of the Truth by prescribed means 
of constant meditation upon the Chosen Ideal. Even if you have a burning thirst 
for God, or have gained the Guru, unless you have along with it the Abhyasa, 
unless you practice what you have been taught, you cannot get realisation. 
When all these are firmly established in you, then you will reach the Goal. 

Therefore, I say unto you, as Hindus, as descendants of the glorious Aryans, do 
not forget the great ideal of our religion, that great ideal of the Hindus, which 
is, to go beyond this Samsara — not only to renounce the world, but to give up 
heaven too; ay, not only to give up evil, but to give up good too; and thus to go 
beyond all, beyond this phenomenal existence, and ultimately realise the Sat- 

/V 

Chit-Ananda Brahman — the Absolute Existence-Knowledge-Bliss, which is 
Brahman. 



» 



« 



Home / Complete- Works / Volume 3 / Lectures from Colombo to Almora / 



THE RELIGION WE ARE BORN IN 

At an open-air meeting convened at Dacca, on the 31st March, 1901, the 
Swamiji spoke in English for two hours on the above subject before a vast 
audience. The following is a translation of the lecture from a Bengali report of 
a disciple: 

In the remote past, our country made gigantic advances in spiritual ideas. Let 
us, today, bring before our mind's eye that ancient history. But the one great 
danger in meditating over long-past greatness is that we cease to exert 
ourselves for new things, and content ourselves with vegetating upon that by- 
gone ancestral glory and priding ourselves upon it. We should guard against 
that. In ancient times there were, no doubt, many Rishis and Maharshis who 
came face to face with Truth. But if this recalling of our ancient greatness is to 
be of real benefit, we too must become Rishis like them. Ay, not only that, but 
it is my firm conviction that we shall be even greater Rishis than any that our 
history presents to us. In the past, signal were our attainments — I glory in 
them, and I feel proud in thinking of them. I am not even in despair at seeing 
the present degradation, and I am full of hope in picturing to my mind what is 
to come in the future. Why? Because I know the seed undergoes a complete 
transformation, ay, the seed as seed is seemingly destroyed before it develops 
into a tree. In the same way, in the midst of our present degradation lies, only 
dormant for a time, the potentiality of the future greatness of our religion, ready 
to spring up again, perhaps more mighty and glorious than ever before. 

Now let us consider what are the common grounds of agreement in the religion 
we are born in. At first sight we undeniably find various differences among our 
sects. Some are Advaitists, some are Vishishtadvaitists, and others are 
Dvaitists. Some believe in Incarnations of God, some in image-worship, while 
others are upholders of the doctrine of the Formless. Then as to customs also, 
various differences are known to exist. The Jats are not outcasted even if they 
marry among the Mohammedans and Christians. They can enter into any Hindu 
temple without hindrance. In many villages in the Punjab, one who does not eat 
swine will hardly be considered a Hindu. In Nepal, a Brahmin can marry in the 



four Varnas; while in Bengal, a Brahmin cannot marry even among the 
subdivisions of his own caste. So on and so forth. But in the midst of all these 
differences we note one point of unity among all Hindus, and it is this, that no 
Hindu eats beef. In the same way, there is a great common ground of unity 
underlying the various forms and sects of our religion. 

First, in discussing the scriptures, one fact stands out prominently — that only 
those religions which had one or many scriptures of their own as their basis 
advanced by leaps and bounds and survive to the present day notwithstanding 
all the persecution and repression hurled against them. The Greek religion, with 
all its beauty, died out in the absence of any scripture to support it; but the 
religion of the Jews stands undiminished in its power, being based upon the 
authority of the Old Testament. The same is the case with the Hindu religion, 
with its scripture, the Vedas, the oldest in the world. The Vedas are divided 
into the Karma Kanda and the Jnana Kanda. Whether for good or for evil, the 
Karma Kanda has fallen into disuse in India, though there are some Brahmins 
in the Deccan who still perform Yajnas now and then with the sacrifice of 
goats; and also we find here and there, traces of the Vedic Kriya Kanda in the 
Mantras used in connection with our marriage and Shraddha ceremonies etc. 
But there is no chance of its being rehabilitated on its original footing. 

Kumarila Bhatta once tried to do so, but he was not successful in his attempt. 

The Jnana Kanda of the Vedas comprises the Upanishads and is known by the 
name of Vedanta, the pinnacle of the Shrutis, as it is called. Wherever you find 

/V 

the Acharyas quoting a passage from the Shrutis, it is invariably from the 
Upanishads. The Vedanta is now the religion of the Hindus. If any sect in India 
wants to have its ideas established with a firm hold on the people it must base 
them on the authority of the Vedanta. They all have to do it, whether they are 
Dvaitists or Advaitists. Even the Vaishnavas have to go to Gopalatapini 
Upanishad to prove the truth of their own theories. If a new sect does not find 
anything in the Shrutis in confirmation of its ideas, it will go even to the length 
of manufacturing a new Upanishad, and making it pass current as one of the 
old original productions. There have been many such in the past. 

Now as to the Vedas, the Hindus believe that they are not mere books 
composed by men in some remote age. They hold them to be an accumulated 



mass of endless divine wisdom, which is sometimes manifested and at other 
times remains unmanifested. Commentator Sayanacharya says somewhere in 
his works 



4 

— "Who created the whole universe out of the knowledge of the Vedas". No 
one has ever seen the composer of the Vedas, and it is impossible to imagine 
one. The Rishis were only the discoverers of the Mantras or Eternal Laws; they 
merely came face to face with the Vedas, the infinite mine of knowledge, 
which has been there from time without beginning. 

Who are these Rishis? Vatsyayana says, "He who has attained through proper 
means the direct realisation of Dharma, he alone can be a Rishi even if he is a 
Mlechchha by birth." Thus it is that in ancient times, Vasishtha, born of an 
illegitimate union, Vyasa, the son of a fisherwoman, Narada, the son of a 
maidservant with uncertain parentage, and many others of like nature attained 
to Rishihood. Truly speaking, it comes to this then, that no distinction should 
be made with one who has realised the Truth. If the persons just named all 
became Rishis, then, O ye Kulin Brahmins of the present day, how much 
greater Rishis you can become ! Strive after that Rishihood, stop not till you 
have attained the goal, and the whole world will of itself bow at your feet! Be a 
Rishi — that is the secret of power. 

This Veda is our only authority, and everyone has the right to it. 

— Thus says the Shukla Yajur Veda (XXVI. 2). Can you show any authority 
from this Veda of ours that everyone has not the right to it? The Puranas, no 
doubt, say that a certain caste has the right to such and such a recension of the 
Vedas, or a certain caste has no right to study them, or that this portion of the 
Vedas is for the Satya Yuga and that portion is for the Kali Yuga. But, mark 
you, the Veda does not say so; it is only your Puranas that do so. But can the 
servant dictate to the master? The Smritis, Puranas, Tantras — all these are 
acceptable only so far as they agree with the Vedas; and wherever they are 



contradictory, they are to be rejected as unreliable. But nowadays we have put 
the Puranas on even a higher pedestal than the Vedas! The study of the Vedas 
has almost disappeared from Bengal. How I wish that day will soon come when 
in every home the Veda will be worshipped together with Shalagrama, the 
household Deity, when the young, the old, and the women will inaugurate the 
worship of the Veda! 

I have no faith in the theories advanced by Western savants with regard to the 
Vedas. They are today fixing the antiquity of the Vedas at a certain period, and 
again tomorrow upsetting it and bringing it one thousand years forward, and so 
on. However, about the Puranas, I have told you that they are authoritative only 
in so far as they agree with the Vedas, otherwise not. In the Puranas we find 
many things which do not agree with the Vedas. As for instance, it is written in 
the Puranas that some one lived ten thousand years, another twenty thousand 
years, but in the Vedas we find: iidKl.3' — "Man lives indeed a hundred 
years." Which are we to accept in this case? Certainly the Vedas. 
Notwithstanding statements like these, I do not depreciate the Puranas. They 
contain many beautiful and illuminating teachings and words of wisdom on 
Yoga, Bhakti, Jnana, and Karma; those, of course, we should accept. Then 
there are the Tantras. The real meaning of the word Tantra is Shastra, as for 
example, Kapila Tantra. But the word Tantra is generally used in a limited 
sense. Under the sway of kings who took up Buddhism and preached broadcast 
the doctrine of Ahimsa, the performances of the Vedic Yaga-Yajnas became a 
thing of the past, and no one could kill any animal in sacrifice for fear of the 
king. But subsequently amongst the Buddhists themselves — who were 
converts from Hinduism — the best parts of these Yaga-Yajnas were taken up, 
and practiced in secret. From these sprang up the Tantras. Barring some of the 
abominable things in the Tantras, such as the Vamachara etc., the Tantras are 
not so bad as people are inclined to think. There are many high and sublime 
Vedantic thoughts in them. In fact, the Brahmana portions of the Vedas were 
modified a little and incorporated into the body of the Tantras. All the forms of 
our worship and the ceremonials of the present day, comprising the Karma 
Kanda, are observed in accordance with the Tantras. 

Now let us discuss the principles of our religion a little. Notwithstanding the 
differences and controversies existing among our various sects, there are in 



them, too, several grounds of unity. First, almost all of them admit the 
existence of three things — three entities — Ishvara, Atman, and the Jag at. 
Ishvara is He who is eternally creating, preserving and destroying the whole 
universe. Excepting the Sankhyas, all the others believe in this. Then the 
doctrine of the Atman and the reincarnation of the soul; it maintains that 
innumerable individual souls, having taken body after body again and again, go 
round and round in the wheel of birth and death according to their respective 
Karmas; this is Samsaravada, or as it is commonly called the doctrine of 
rebirth. Then there is the Jagat or universe without beginning and without end. 
Though some hold these three as different phases of one only, and some others 
as three distinctly different entities, and others again in various other ways, yet 
they are all unanimous in believing in these three. 

Here I should ask you to remember that Hindus, from time immemorial, knew 
the Atman as separate from Manas, mind. But the Occidentals could never soar 
beyond the mind. The West knows the universe to be full of happiness, and as 
such, it is to them a place where they can enjoy the most; but the East is born 
with the conviction that this Samsara, this ever-changing existence, is full of 
misery, and as such, it is nothing, nothing but unreal, not worth bartering the 
soul for its ephemeral joys and possessions. For this very reason, the West is 
ever especially adroit in organised action, and so also the East is ever bold in 
search of the mysteries of the internal world. 

Let us, however, turn now to one or two other aspects of Hinduism. There is 
the doctrine of the Incarnations of God. In the Vedas we find mention of 
Matsya Avatara, the Fish Incarnation only. Whether all believe in this doctrine 
or not is not the point; the real meaning, however, of this Avataravada is the 
worship of Man — to see God in man is the real God- vision. The Hindu does 
not go through nature to nature's God — he goes to the God of man through 
Man. 

Then there is image- worship. Except the five Devatas who are to be 
worshipped in every auspicious Karma as enjoined in our Shastras, all the other 
Devatas are merely the names of certain states held by them. But again, these 
five Devatas are nothing but the different names of the one God Only. This 
external worship of images has, however, been described in all our Shastras as 



the lowest of all the low forms of worship. But that does not mean that it is a 
wrong thing to do. Despite the many iniquities that have found entrance into 
the practices of image-worship as it is in vogue now, I do not condemn it. Ay, 
where would I have been if I had not been blessed with the dust of the holy feet 
of that orthodox, image- worshipping Brahmin! 

Those reformers who preach against image- worship, or what they denounce as 
idolatry — to them I say "Brothers, if you are fit to worship God-without-form 
discarding all external help, do so, but why do you condemn others who cannot 
do the same? A beautiful, large edifice, the glorious relic of a hoary antiquity 
has, out of neglect or disuse, fallen into a dilapidated condition; accumulations 
of dirt and dust may be lying everywhere within it, maybe, some portions are 
tumbling down to the ground. What will you do to it? Will you take in hand the 
necessary cleansing and repairs and thus restore the old, or will you pull the 
whole edifice down to the ground and seek to build another in its place, after a 
sordid modern plan whose permanence has yet to be established? We have to 
reform it, which truly means to make ready or perfect by necessary cleansing 
and repairs, not by demolishing the whole thing. There the function of reform 
ends. When the work of renovating the old is finished, what further necessity 
does it serve? Do that if you can, if not, hands off!" The band of reformers in 
our country want, on the contrary, to build up a separate sect of their own. They 
have, however, done good work; may the blessings of God be showered on 
their heads! But why should you, Hindus, want to separate yourselves from the 
great common fold? Why should you feel ashamed to take the name of Hindu, 
which is your greatest and most glorious possession? This national ship of ours, 
ye children of the Immortals, my countrymen, has been plying for ages, 
carrying civilisation and enriching the whole world with its inestimable 
treasures. For scores of shining centuries this national ship of ours has been 
ferrying across the ocean of life, and has taken millions of souls to the other 
shore, beyond all misery. But today it may have sprung a leak and got 
damaged, through your own fault or whatever cause it matters not. What would 
you, who have placed yourselves in it, do now? Would you go about cursing it 
and quarrelling among yourselves! Would you not all unite together and put 
your best efforts to stop the holes? Let us all gladly give our hearts' blood to do 
this; and if we fail in the attempt, let us all sink and die together, with blessings 
and not curses on our lips. 



And to the Brahmins I say, "Vain is your pride of birth and ancestry. Shake it 
off. Brahminhood, according to your Shastras, you have no more now, because 
you have for so long lived under Mlechchha kings. If you at all believe in the 
words of your own ancestors, then go this very moment and make expiation by 
entering into the slow fire kindled by Tusha (husks), like that old Kumarila 
Bhatta, who with the purpose of ousting the Buddhists first became a disciple 
of the Buddhists and then defeating them in argument became the cause of 
death to many, and subsequently entered the Tushanala to expiate his sins. If 
you are not bold enough to do that, then admit your weakness and stretch forth 
a helping hand, and open the gates of knowledge to one and all, and give the 
downtrodden masses once more their just and legitimate rights and privileges." 

» 



Complete Works of Swami Vivekananda 
Volume 3 

Reports in American Newspapers 

India: Her Religion and Customs 

Hindus at the Fair 

At the Parliament of Religions 

Personal Traits 

Reincarnation 

Hindu Civilisation 

An Interesting Lecture 

The Hindoo Religion 

The Hindoo Monk 

Plea for Tolerance 

Manners and Customs in India 

Hindoo Philosophy 

Miracles 

The Divinity of Man 
The Love of God 



The Women of India 



« 



Home / Complete- Works / Volume 3 / Reports in American Newspapers / 



INDIA: HER RELIGION AND CUSTOMS 

(Salem Evening News , August 29, 1893) 

In spite of the warm weather of yesterday afternoon, a goodly number of 
members of the Thought and Work club, with guests, gathered in Wesley 
chapel to meet Swami Vive Kanonda,* a Hindoo monk, now travelling in this 
country, and to listen to an informal address from that gentleman, principally 
upon the religion of the Hindoos as taught by their Vedar (Vedas.) or sacred 
books. He also spoke of caste, as simply a social division and in no way 
dependent upon their religion. 

The poverty of the majority of the masses was strongly dwelt upon. India with 
an area much smaller than the United States, contains twenty three hundred 
millions [sic] of people, and of these, three hundred millions [sic] earn wages, 
averaging less than fifty cents per month. In some instances the people in 
whole districts of the country subsist for months and even years, wholly upon 
flowers (Mohua.), produced by a certain tree which when boiled are edible. 

In other districts the men eat rice only, the women and children must satisfy 
their hunger with the water in which the rice is cooked. A failure of the rice 
crop means famine. Half the people live upon one meal a day, the other half 
know not whence the next meal will come. According to Swami Vive Kyonda, 
the need of the people of India is not more religion, or a better one, but as he 
expresses it, "practicality", and it is with the hope of interesting the American 
people in this great need of the suffering, starving millions that he has come to 
this country. 

He spoke at some length of the condition of his people and their religion. In 
course of his speech he was frequently and closely questioned by Dr. F. A. 
Gardner and Rev. S. F. Nobbs of the Central Baptist Church. He said the 
missionaries had fine theories there and started in with good ideas, but had 
done nothing for the industrial condition of the people. He said Americans, 
instead of sending out missionaries to train them in religion, would better send 
some one out to give them industrial education. 



Asked whether it was not a fact that Christians assisted the people of India in 
times of distress, and whether they did not assist in a practical way by training 
schools, the speaker replied that they did it sometimes, but really it was not to 
their credit for the law did not allow them to attempt to influence people at 
such times. 

He explained the bad condition of woman in India on the ground that Hindoo 
men had such respect for woman that it was thought best not to allow her out. 
The Hindoo women were held in such high esteem that they were kept in 
seclusion. He explained the old custom of women being burned on the death of 
their husbands, on the ground that they loved them so that they could not live 
without the husband. They were one in marriage and must be one in death. 

He was asked about the worship of idols and the throwing themselves in front 
of the juggernaut car, and said one must not blame the Hindoo people for the 
car business, for it was the act of fanatics and mostly of lepers. 

The speaker explained his mission in his country to be to organize monks for 
industrial purposes, that they might give the people the benefit of this industrial 
education and thus elevate them and improve their condition. 

This afternoon Vive Kanonda will speak on the children of India to any 
children or young people who may be pleased to listen to him at 166 North 
street, Mrs. Woods kindly offering her garden for that purpose. In person he is 
a fine looking man, dark but comely, dressed in a long robe of a yellowish red 
colour confined at the waist with a cord, and wearing on his head a yellow 
turban. Being a monk he has no caste, and may eat and drink with anyone. 

* * * 

(. Daily Gazette , August 29, 1893) 

Rajah* Swami Vivi Rananda of India was the guest of the Thought and Work 
Club of Salem yesterday afternoon in the Wesley church. 

A large number of ladies and gentlemen were present and shook hands, 



American fashion, with the distinguished monk. He wore an orange colored 
gown, with red sash, yellow turban, with the end hanging down on one side, 
which he used for a handkerchief, and congress shoes. 

He spoke at some length of the condition of his people and their religion. In 
course of his speech he was frequently and closely questioned by Dr. F. A. 
Gardner and Rev. S. F. Nobbs of the Central Baptist church. He said the 
missionaries had fine theories there and started in with good ideas, but had 
done nothing for the industrial condition of the people. He said Americans, 
instead of sending out missionaries to train them in religion, would better send 
someone out to give them industrial education. 

Speaking at some length of the relations of men and women, he said the 
husbands of India never lied and never persecuted, and named several other 
sins they never committed. 

Asked whether it was not a fact that Christians assisted the people of India in 
times of distress, and whether they did not assist in a practical way by training 
schools, the speaker replied that they did it sometimes, but really it was not to 
their credit, for the law did not allow them to attempt to influence people at 
such times. 

He explained the bad condition of women in India on the ground that Hindoo 
men had such respect for woman that it was thought best not to allow her out. 
The Hindoo women were held in such high esteem that they were kept in 
seclusion. He explained the old custom of women being burned on the death of 
their husbands, on the ground that they loved them so that they could not live 
without the husband. They were one in marriage and must be one in death. 

He was asked about the worship of idols and the throwing themselves in front 
of the juggernaut car, and said one must not blame the Hindoo people for the 
car business, for it was the act of fanatics and mostly of lepers. 

As for the worship of idols he said he had asked Christians what they thought 
of when they prayed, and some said they thought of the church, others of G-O- 
D. Now his people thought of the images. For the poor people idols were 
necessary. He said that in ancient times, when their religion first began, women 



were distinguished for spiritual genius and great strength of mind. In spite of 
this, as he seemed to acknowledge, the women of the present day had 
degenerated. They thought of nothing but eating and drinking, gossip and 
scandal. 

The speaker explained his mission in his country to be to organize monks for 
industrial purposes, that they might give the people the benefit of this industrial 
education and thus to elevate them and improve their condition. 

* * * 

(Salem Evening News , September 1, 1893) 

The learned Monk from India who is spending a few days in this city, will 
speak in the East Church Sunday evening at 7-30. Swami (Rev.) Viva Kananda 
preached in the Episcopal church at Annisquam last Sunday evening, by 
invitation of the pastor and Professor Wright of Harvard, who has shown him 
great kindness. 

On Monday night he leaves for Saratoga, where he will address the Social 
Science association. Later on he will speak before the Congress in Chicago. 
Like all men who are educated in the higher Universities of India, Viva 
Kananda speaks English easily and correctly. His simple talk to the children on 
Tuesday last concerning the games, schools, customs and manners of children 
in India was valuable and most interesting. His kind heart was touched by the 
statement of a little miss that her teacher had "licked her so hard that she almost 
broke her finger". ... As Viva Kananda, like all monks, must travel over his 
land preaching the religion of truth, chastity and the brother-hood of man, no 
great good could pass unnoticed, or terrible wrong escape his eyes. He is 
extremely generous to all persons of other faiths, and has only kind words for 
those who differ from him. 



* * * 

(Daily Gazette , September 5, 1893) 



Rajah Swami Vivi Rananda of India spoke at the East church Sunday evening, 



on the religion of India and the poor of his native land. A good audience 
assembled but it was not so large as the importance of the subject or the 
interesting speaker deserved. The monk was dressed in his native costume and 
spoke about forty minutes The great need of India today, which is not the India 
of fifty years ago, is, he said, missionaries to educate the people industrially 
and socially and not religiously. The Hindoos have all the religion they want, 
and the Hindoo religion is the most ancient in the world. The monk is a very 
pleasant speaker and held the dose attention of his audience. 

* * * 

( Daily Saratoga , September 6, 1893) 

. . . The platform was next occupied by Vive Kananda, a Monk of Madras, 
Hindoostan, who preached throughout India. He is interested in social science 
and is an intelligent and interesting speaker. He spoke on Mohammedan rule in 
India. 

The program for today embraces some very interesting topics, especially the 
paper on "Bimetallism", by Col. Jacob Greene of Hartford. Vive Kananda will 
again speak, this time on the Use of Silver in India. 



» 



« 



Home / Complete- Works / Volume 3 / Reports in American Newspapers / 



HINDUS AT THE FAIR 

( Boston Evening Transcript , September 30, 1893) 

Chicago, Sept. 23: 

There is a room at the left of the entrance to the Art Palace marked "No. 1 — 
keep out." To this the speakers at the Congress of Religions all repair sooner or 
later, either to talk with one another or with President Bonney, whose private 
office is in one corner of the apartment. The folding doors are jealously 
guarded from the general public, usually standing far enough apart to allow 
peeping in. Only delegates are supposed to penetrate the sacred precincts, but it 
is not impossible to obtain an "open sesame", and thus to enjoy a brief 
opportunity of closer relations with the distinguished guests than the platform 
in the Hall of Columbus affords. 

The most striking figure one meets in this anteroom is Swami Vivekananda, the 
Brahmin monk. He is a large, well-built man, with the superb carriage of the 
Hindustanis, his face clean shaven, squarely moulded regular features, white 
teeth, and with well-chiselled lips that are usually parted in a benevolent smile 
while he is conversing. His finely poised head is crowned with either a lemon 
colored or a red turban, and his cassock (not the technical name for this 
garment), belted in at the waist and falling below the knees, alternates in a 
bright orange and rich crimson. He speaks excellent English and replied readily 
to any questions asked in sincerity. 

Along with his simplicity of manner there is a touch of personal reserve when 
speaking to ladies, which suggests his chosen vocation. When questioned about 
the laws of his order, he has said, "I can do as I please, I am independent. 
Sometimes I live in the Himalaya Mountains, and sometimes in the streets of 
cities. I never know where I will get my next meal, I never keep money with 
me I come here by subscription." Then looking round at one or two of his 
fellow-countrymen who chanced to be standing near he added, "They will take 
care of me," giving the inference that his board bill in Chicago is attended to by 
others. When asked if he was wearing his usual monk's costume, he said, "This 



is a good dress; when I am home I am in rags, and I go barefooted. Do I believe 
in caste? Caste is a social custom; religion has nothing to do with it; all castes 
will associate with me." 

It is quite apparent, however, from the deportment, the general appearance of 
Mr. Vivekananda that he was born among high castes — years of voluntary 
poverty and homeless wanderings have not robbed him of his birth-right of 
gentleman; even his family name is unknown; he took that of Vivekananda in 
embracing a religious career, and "Swami" is merely the title of reverend 
accorded to him. He cannot be far along in the thirties, and looks as if made for 
this life and its fruition, as well as for meditation on the life beyond. One 
cannot help wondering what could have been the turning point with him. 

"Why should I marry," was his abrupt response to a comment on all he had 
renounced in becoming a monk, "when I see in every woman only the divine 
Mother? Why do I make all these sacrifices? To emancipate myself from 
earthly ties and attachments so that there will be no re-birth for me. When I die 
I want to become at once absorbed in the divine, one with God. I would be a 
Buddha." 

Vivekananda does not mean by this that he is a Buddhist. No name or sect can 
rebel him. He is an outcome of the higher Brahminism, a product of the Hindu 
spirit, which is vast, dreamy, self-extinguishing, a Sanyasi or holy man. 

He has some pamphlets that he distributes, relating to his master, Paramhansa 
Ramakrishna, a Hindu devotee, who so impressed his hearers and pupils that 
many of them became ascetics after his death. Mozoomdar also looked upon 
this saint as his master, but Mozoomdar works for holiness in the world, in it 
but not of it, as Jesus taught. 

Vivekananda's address before the parliament was broad as the heavens above 
us, embracing the best in all religions, as the ultimate universal religion — 
charity to all mankind, good works for the love of God, not for fear of 
punishment or hope of reward. He is a great favorite at the parliament, from the 
grandeur of his sentiments and his appearance as well. If he merely crosses the 
platform he is applauded, and this marked approval of thousands he accepts in 



a childlike spirit of gratification, without a trace of conceit. It must be a strange 
experience too for this humble young Brahmin monk, this sudden transition 
from poverty and self-effacement to affluence and aggrandizement. When 
asked if he knew anything of those brothers in the Himalayas so firmly 
believed in by the Theosophists, he answered with the simple statement, "I 
have never met one of them," as much as to imply, "There may be such 
persons, but though I am at home in the Himalayas, I have yet to come across 
them." 



» 



« 



Home / Complete- Works / Volume 3 / Reports in American Newspapers / 



AT THE PARLIAMENT OF RELIGIONS 

(The Dubuque, Iowa, Times , September 39, 1893) 

WORLD'S FAIR, Sept. 28. — (Special.) — The Parliament of religions 
reached a point where sharp acerbities develop. The thin veil of courtesy was 
maintained, of course, but behind it was ill feeling. Rev. Joseph Cook criticised 
the Hindoos sharply and was more sharply criticised in turn. He said that to 
speak of a universe that was not created is almost unpardonable nonsense, and 
the Asiatics retorted that a universe which had a beginning is a self-evident 
absurdity. Bishop J. P. Newman, firing at long range from the banks of the 
Ohio, declared that the orientals have insulted all the Christians of the United 
States by their misrepresentations of the missionaries, and the orientals, with 
their provokingly calm and supercilious smile, replied that this was simply the 
bishop's ignorance. 



BUDDHIST PHILOSOPHY 

In response to the question direct, three learned Buddhists gave us in 
remarkably plain and beautiful language their bed-rock belief about God, man 
and matter. 

[Following this is a summary of Dharmapala's paper on "The World's Debt to 
Buddha", which he prefaced, as we learn from another source, by singing a 
Singhalese song of benediction. The article then continues:] 

His [Dharmapala's] peroration was as pretty a thing as a Chicago audience ever 
heard. Demosthenes never exceeded it. 

CANTANKEROUS REMARKS 

Swami Vivekananda, the Hindoo monk, was not so fortunate. He was out of 
humor, or soon became so, apparently. He wore an orange robe and a pale 
yellow turban and dashed at once into a savage attack on Christian nations in 
these words: "We who have come from the east have sat here day after day and 



have been told in a patronizing way that we ought to accept Christianity 
because Christian nations are the most prosperous. We look about us and we 
see England the most prosperous Christian nation in the world, with her foot on 
the neck of 250,000,000 Asiatics. We look back into history and see that the 
prosperity of Christian Europe began with Spain. Spain's prosperity began with 
the invasion of Mexico. Christianity wins its prosperity by cutting the throats of 
its fellow men. At such a price the Hindoo will not have prosperity." 

And so they went on, each succeeding speaker getting more cantankerous, as it 
were. 



* * * 

0 Outlook , October 7, 1893) 

. . . The subject of Christian work in India calls Vivekananda, in his brilliant 
priestly orange, to his feet. He criticises the work of Christian missions. It is 
evident that he has not tried to understand Christianity, but neither, as he 
claims, have its priests made any effort to understand his religion, with its 
ingrained faiths and race-prejudices of thousands of years' standing. They have 
simply come, in his view, to throw scorn on his most sacred beliefs, and to 
undermine the morals and spiritualist of the people he has been set to teach. 

^ ^ 

0 Critic , October 7, 1893) 

But the most impressive figures of the Parliament were the Buddhist priest, H. 
Dharmapala of Ceylon, and the Hindoo monk, Suami Vivekananda. "If 
theology and dogma stand in your way in search of truth," said the former 
incisively, "put them aside. Learn to think without prejudice, to love all beings 
for love's sake, to express your convictions fearlessly, to lead a life of purity, 
and the sunlight of truth will illuminate you." But eloquent as were many of the 
brief speeches at this meeting, whose triumphant enthusiasm rightly culminated 
in the superb rendering by the Apollo Club of the Hallelujah chorus, no one 
expressed so well the spirit of the Parliament, its limitations and its finest 
influence, as did the Hindoo monk. I copy his address in full, but I can only 



suggest its effect upon the audience, for he is an orator by divine right, and his 
strong intelligent face in its picturesque setting of yellow and orange was 
hardly less interesting than these earnest words and the rich, rhythmical 
utterance he gave them.... [After quoting the greater part of Swamiji's Final 
Address, the article continues:] 



Perhaps the most tangible result of the congress was the feeling it aroused in 
regard to foreign missions. The impertinence of sending half-educated 
theological students to instruct the wise and erudite Orientals was never 
brought home to an English-speaking audience more forcibly. It is only in the 
spirit of tolerance and sympathy that we are at liberty to touch their faith, and 
the exhorters who possess these qualities are rare. It is necessary to realize that 
we have quite as much to learn from the Buddhists as they from us, and that 
only through harmony can the highest influence be exerted. 



Chicago, 3 Oct., 1893. 



LUCY MONROE. 



* * * 

[To a request of the New York World of October 1, 1893, for "a sentiment or 
expression regarding the significance of the great meeting" from each 
representative, Swamiji replied with a quotation from the Gita and one from 
Vyasa:] 

"I am He that am in every religion — like the thread that passes through a 
string of pearls." "Holy, perfect and pure men are seen in all creeds, therefore 
they all lead to the same truth — for how can nectar be the outcome of 
poison?" 



» 



« 



Home / Complete- Works / Volume 3 / Reports in American Newspapers / 



PERSONAL TRAITS 

(Critic, October 7, 1893) 

. . . It was an outgrowth of the Parliament of Religions, which opened our eyes 
to the fact that the philosophy of the ancient creeds contains much beauty for 
the moderns. When we had once clearly perceived this, our interest in their 
exponents quickened, and with characteristic eagerness we set out in pursuit of 
knowledge. The most available means of obtaining it, after the close of the 
Parliament, was through the addresses and lectures of Swami Vivekananda, 
who is still in this city [Chicago]. His original purpose in coming to this 
country was to interest Americans in the starting of new industries among the 
Hindoos, but he has abandoned this for the present, because he finds that, as 
"the Americans are the most charitable people in the world," every man with a 
purpose comes here for assistance in carrying it out. When asked about the 
relative condition of the poor here and in India, he replied that our poor would 
be princes there, and that he had been taken through the worst quarter of the 
city only to find it, from the standpoint of his knowledge, comfortable and even 
pleasant. 

A Brahmin of the Brahmins, Vivekananda gave up his rank to join the 
brotherhood of monks, where all pride of caste is voluntarily relinquished. And 
yet he bears the mark of race upon his person. His culture, his eloquence, and 
his fascinating personality have given us a new idea of Hindoo civilization. He 
is an interesting figure, his fine, intelligent, mobile face in its setting of 
yellows, and his deep, musical voice prepossessing one at once in his favor. So 
it is not strange that he has been taken up by the literary clubs, has preached 
and lectured in churches, until the life of Buddha and the doctrines of his faith 
have grown familiar to us. He speaks without notes, presenting his facts and his 
conclusions with the greatest art, the most convincing sincerity; and rising at 
times to a rich, inspiring eloquence. As learned and cultivated, apparently, as 
the most accomplished Jesuit, he has also something Jesuitical in the character 
of his mind; but though the little sarcasms thrown into his discourses are as 
keen as a rapier, they are so delicate as to be lost on many of his hearers. 
Nevertheless his courtesy is unfailing, for these thrusts are never pointed so 



directly at our customs as to be rude. At present he contents himself with 
enlightening us in regard to his religion and the words of its philosophers. He 
looks forward to the time when we shall pass beyond idolatry — now 
necessary in his opinion to the ignorant classes — beyond worship, even, to a 
knowledge of the presence of God in nature, of the divinity and responsibility 
of man. "Work out your own salvation," he says with the dying Buddha; "I 
cannot help you. No man can help you. Help yourself." 



LUCY MONROE. 

» 



« 



Home / Complete- Works / Volume 3 / Reports in American Newspapers / 



REINCARNATION 

( Evanston Index , October 7, 1893) 

At the Congregational Church, during the past week, there have been given a 
course of lectures which in nature much resembled the Religious Parliament 
which has just been completed. The lecturers were Dr. Carl van Bergen of 
Sweden, and Suami Vivekananda, the Hindu monk. ... Suami Vivekananda is a 
representative from India to the Parliament of Religions. He has attracted a 
great deal of attention on account of his unique attire in Mandarin colors, by his 
magnetic presence and by his brilliant oratory and wonderful exposition of 
Hindu philosophy. His stay in Chicago has been a continual ovation. The 
course of lectures was arranged to cover three evenings. 

[The lectures of Saturday and Tuesday evenings are listed without Comment; 
then the article continues:] 

On Thursday evening Oct. 5, Dr. von Bergen spoke on "Huldine Beamish, the 
Founder of the King's Daughters of Sweden," and "Reincarnation" was the 
subject treated by the Hindu monk. The latter was very interesting; the views 
being those that are not often heard in this part of the world. The doctrine of 
reincarnation of the soul, while comparatively new and little understood in this 
country, is well-known in the east, being the foundation of nearly all the 
religions of those people. Those that do not use it as dogma, do not say 
anything against it. The main point to be decided in regard to the doctrine is, as 
to whether we have had a past. We know that we have a present and feel sure 
of a future. Yet how can there be a present without a past? Modern science has 
proved that matter exists and continues to exist. Creation is merely a change in 
appearance. We are not sprung out of nothing. Some regard God as the 
common cause of everything and judge this a sufficient reason for existence. 
But in everything we must consider the phenomena; whence and from what 
matter springs. The same arguments that prove there is a future prove that there 
is a past. It is necessary that there should be causes other than God's will. 
Heredity is not able to give sufficient cause. Some say that we are not 
conscious of a former existence. Many cases have been found where there are 



distinct reminiscences of a past. And here lies the germ of the theory. Because 
the Hindu is kind to dumb animals many believe that we believe in the 
reincarnation of souls in lower orders. They are not able to conceive of 
kindness to dumb animals being other than the result of superstition. An 
ancient Hindu priest defines religion as anything that lifts one up. Brutality is 
driven out, humanity gives way to divinity. The theory of incarnation does not 
confine man to this small earth. His soul can go to other, higher earths where 
he will be a loftier being, possessing, instead of five senses, eight, and 
continuing in this way he will at length approach the acme of perfection, 
divinity, and will be allowed to drink deep of oblivion in the "Islands of the 
Blest". 



» 



« 



Home / Complete- Works / Volume 3 / Reports in American Newspapers / 



HINDU CIVILISATION 

[Although the lecture at Streator on October 9 was well attended, the Streator 
Daily Free Press of October 9 ran the following somewhat dreary review:] 

The lecture of this celebrated Hindoo at the Opera House, Saturday night, was 
very interesting. By comparative philology, he sought to establish the long 
admitted relationship between the Aryan races and their descendants in the new 
world. He mildly defended the caste system of India which keeps three-fourths 
of the people in utter and humiliating subjection, and boasted that the India of 
today was the same India that had watched for centuries the meteoric nations of 
the world flash across the horizon and sink into oblivion. In common with the 
people, he loves the past. He lives not for self, but for God. In his country a 
premium is placed on beggary and tramps, though not so distinguished in his 
lecture. When the meal is prepared, they wait for some man to come along who 
is first served, then the animals, the servants, the man of the house and lastly 
the woman of the household. Boys are taken at 10 years of age and are kept by 
professors for a period of ten to twenty years, educated and sent forth to resume 
their former occupations or to engage in a life of endless wandering, preaching, 
and praying, taking along only that which is given them to eat and wear, but 
never touching money. Vivekananda is of the latter class. Men approaching old 
age withdraw from the world, and after a period of study and prayer, when they 
feel themselves sanctified, they also go forward spreading the gospel. He 
observed that leisure was necessary for intellectual development and scored 
Americans for not educating the Indians whom Columbus found in a state of 
savagery. In this he exhibited a lack of knowledge of conditions. His talk was 
lamentably short and much was left unsaid of seeming greater importance than 
much that was said. 

(it is clear from the above report that the American Press, for one reason or another, did not 
always give Swamiji an enthusiastic reception.) 



» 



« 



Home / Complete- Works / Volume 3 / Reports in American Newspapers / 



AN INTERESTING LECTURE 

( Wisconsin State Journal , November 21, 1893) 

The lecture at the Congregational Church [Madison] last night by the 
celebrated Hindoo monk, Vivekananda, was an extremely interesting one, and 
contained much of sound philosophy and good religion. Pagan though he be, 
Christianity may well follow many of his teachings. His creed is as wide as the 
universe, taking in all religions, and accepting truth wherever it may be found. 
Bigotry and superstition and idle ceremony, he declared, have no place in "the 
religions of India". 



» 



« 



Home / Complete- Works / Volume 3 / Reports in American Newspapers / 



THE HINDOO RELIGION 

(Minneapolis Star , November 25, 1893) 

"Brahminism" in all its subtle attraction, because of its embodiment of ancient 
and truthful principles, was the subject which held an audience in closest 
attention last evening at the First Unitarian Church [Minneapolis], while 
Swami Vive Kananda expounded the Hindoo faith. It was an audience which 
included thoughtful women and men, for the lecturer had been invited by the 
"Peripatetics," and among the friends who shared the privilege with them were 
ministers of varied denominations, as well as students and scholars. Vive 
Kananda is a Brahmin priest, and he occupied the platform in his native garb, 
with caftan on head, orange colored coat confined at the waist with a red sash, 
and red nether garments. 

He presented his faith in all sincerity, speaking slowly and clearly, convincing 
his hearers by quietness of speech rather than by rapid action. His words were 
carefully weighed, and each carried its meaning direct. He offered the simplest 
truths of the Hindoo religion, and while he said nothing harsh about 
Christianity, he touched upon it in such a manner as to place the faith of 
Brahma before all. The all-pervading thought and leading principle of the 
Hindoo religion is the inherent divinity of the soul; the soul is perfect, and 
religion is the manifestation of divinity already existing in man. The present is 
merely a line of demarkation between the past and future, and of the two 
tendencies in man, if the good preponderates he will move to a higher sphere, if 
the evil has power, he degenerates. These two are continually at work within 
him; what elevates him is virtue, that which degenerates is evil. 

Kananda will speak at the First Unitarian Church tomorrow morning. 

* * * 

(Des Moines News, November 28, 1893) 

Swami Vivekananda, the talented scholar from the far-off India, spoke at the 



Central church last night [November 27]. He was a representative of his 
country and creed at the recent parliament of religions assembled in Chicago 
during the world's fair. Rev. H. O. Breeden introduced the speaker to the 
audience. He arose and after bowing to his audience, commenced his lecture, 
the subject of which was "Hindoo Religion". His lecture was not confined to 
any line of thought but consisted more of some of his own philosophical views 
relative to his religion and others. He holds that one must embrace all the 
religions to become the perfect Christian. What is not found in one religion is 
supplied by another. They are all right and necessary for the true Christian. 
When you send a missionary to our country he becomes a Hindoo Christian 
and I a Christian Hindoo. I have often been asked in this country if I am going 
to try to convert the people here. I take this for an insult. I do not believe in this 
idea of conversion.* To-day we have a sinful man; tomorrow according to your 
idea he is converted and by and by attains unto holiness. Whence comes this 
change? How do you explain it? The man has not a new soul for the soul must 
die. You say he is changed by God. God is perfect, all powerful and is purity 
itself. Then after this man is converted he is that same God minus the purity he 
gave that man to become holy. There is in our country two words which have 
an altogether different meaning than they do in this country. They are 
"religion" and "sect". We hold that religion embraces all religions. We tolerate 
everything but intoleration. Then there is that word "sect". Here it embraces 
those sweet people who wrap themselves up in their mantle of charity and say, 
"We are right; you are wrong." It reminds me of the story of the two frogs. A 
frog was born in a well and lived its whole life in that well. One day a frog 
from the sea fell in that well and they commenced to talk about the sea. The 
frog whose home was in the well asked the visitor how large the sea was, but 
was unable to get an intelligent answer. Then the at home frog jumped from 
one corner of the well to another and asked his visitor if the sea was that large. 
He said yes. The frog jumped again and said, "Is the sea that large?" and 
receiving an affirmative reply, he said to himself, "This frog must be a liar; I 
will put him out of my well." That is the way with these sects. They seek to 
eject and trample those who do not believe as they do. 



» 



« 



Home / Complete- Works / Volume 3 / Reports in American Newspapers / 



THE HINDOO MONK 

{Appeal- Avalanche, January 16, 1894) 

Swami Vive Kananda, the Hindoo monk, who is to lecture at the Auditorium 
[Memphis] tonight, is one of the most eloquent men who has ever appeared on 
the religious or lecture platform in this country. His matchless oratory, deep 
penetration into things occult, his cleverness in debate, and great earnestness 
captured the closest attention of the world's thinking men at the World's Fair 
Parliament of Religion, and the admiration of thousands of people who have 
since heard him during his lecture tour through many of the states of the Union. 

In conversation he is a most pleasant gentleman; his choice of words are the 
gems of the English language, and his general bearing ranks him with the most 
cultured people of Western etiquette and custom. As a companion he is a most 
charming man, and as a conversationalist he is, perhaps, not surpassed in the 
drawing-rooms of any city in the Western World. He speaks English not only 
distinctly, but fluently, and his ideas, as new as sparkling, drop from his tongue 
in a perfectly bewildering overflow of ornamental language. 

Swami Vive Kananda, by his inherited religion or early teachings, grew up a 
Brahmin, but becoming converted to the Hindoo religion he sacrificed his rank 
and became a Hindoo priest, or as known in the country of oriental ideality, a 
sanyasin. He had always been a close student of the wonderful and mysterious 
works of nature as drawn from God's high conception, and with years spent as 
both a student and teacher in the higher colleges of that eastern country, he 
acquired a knowledge that has given him a worldwide reputation as one of the 
most thoughtful scholars of the age. 

His wonderful first address before the members of the World's Fair Parliament 
stamped him at once as a leader in that great body of religious thinkers. During 
the session he was frequently heard in defence of his religion, and some of the 
most beautiful and philosophical gems that grace the English language rolled 
from his lips there in picturing the higher duties that man owed to man and to 
his Creator. He is an artist in thought, an idealist in belief and a dramatist on 



the platform. 



Since his arrival in Memphis he has been guest of Mr. Hu L. Brinkley, where 
he has received calls day and evening from many in Memphis who desired to 
pay their respects to him. He is also an informal guest at the Tennessee Club 
and was a guest at the reception given by Mrs. S. R. Shepherd, Saturday 
evening. Col. R. B. Snowden gave a dinner at his home at Annesdale in honor 
of the distinguished visitor on Sunday, where he met Assistant Bishop Thomas 
F. Gailor, Rev. Dr. George Patterson and a number of other clergymen. 

Yesterday afternoon he lectured before a large and fashionable audience 
composed of the members of the Nineteenth Century Club in the rooms of the 
club in the Randolph Building. Tonight he will be heard at the Auditorium on 
"Hindooism". 



» 



« 



Home / Complete- Works / Volume 3 / Reports in American Newspapers / 



PLEA FOR TOLERANCE 

( Memphis Commercial , January 17, 1894) 

An audience of fair proportions gathered last night at the Auditorium to greet 
the celebrated Hindu monk. Swami Vive Kananda, in his lecture on Hinduism. 

He was introduced in a brief but informing address by Judge R. J. Morgan, who 
gave a sketch of the development of the great Aryan race, from which 
development have come the Europeans and the Hindus alike, so tracing a racial 
kinship between the people of America and the speaker who was to address 
them. 

The eminent Oriental was received with liberal applause, and heard with 
attentive interest throughout. He is a man of fine physical presence, with 
regular bronze features and form of fine proportions. He wore a robe of pink 
silk, fastened at the waist with a black sash, black trousers and about his head 
was gracefully draped a turban of yellow India silk. His delivery is very good, 
his use of English being perfect as regards choice of words and correctness of 
grammar and construction. The only inaccuracy of pronunciation is in the 
accenting of words at times upon a wrong syllable. Attentive listeners, 
however, probably lost few words, and their attention was well rewarded by an 
address full of original thought, information and broad wisdom. The address 
might fitly be called a plea for universal tolerance, illustrated by remarks 
concerning the religion of India. This spirit, he contended, the spirit of 
tolerance and love, is the central inspiration of all religions which are worthy, 
and this, he thinks, is the end to be secured by any form of faith. 

His talk concerning Hinduism was not strictly circumstantial. His attempt was 
rather to give an analysis of its spirit than a story of its legends or a picture of 
its forms. He dwelt upon only a few of the distinctive credal or ritual features 
of his faith, but these he explained most clearly and perspicuously. He gave a 
vivid account of the mystical features of Hinduism, out of which the so often 
misinterpreted theory of reincarnation has grown. He explained how his 
religion ignored the differentiations of time, how, just as all men believe in the 



present and the future of the soul, so the faith of Brahma believes in its past. He 
made it clear, too, how his faith does not believe in "original sin," but bases all 
effort and aspiration on the belief of the perfectibility of humanity. 
Improvement and purification, he contends, must be based upon hope. The 
development of man is a return to an original perfection. This perfection must 
come through the practice of holiness and love. Here he showed how his own 
people have practiced these qualities, how India has been a land of refuge for 
the oppressed, citing the instance of the welcome given by the Hindus to the 
Jews when Titus sacked Jerusalem and destroyed the Temple 

In a graphic way he told that the Hindus do not lay much stress upon forms. 
Sometimes every member of the family will differ in their adherence to sects, 
but all will worship God by worshipping the spirit of love which is His central 
attribute. The Hindus, he says, hold that there is good in all religions, that all 
religions are embodiments of man's inspiration for holiness, and being such, all 
should be respected. He illustrated this by a citation from the Vedas [?], in 
which varied religions are symbolized as the differently formed vessels with 
which different men came to bring water from a spring. The forms of the 
vessels are many, but the water of truth is what all seek to fill their vessels 
with. God knows all forms of faith, he thinks, and will recognize his own name 
no matter what it is called, or what may be the fashion of the homage paid him. 

The Hindus, he continued, worship the same God as the Christians. The Hindu 
trinity of Brahma, Vishnu, Siva is merely an embodiment of God the creator, 
the preserver and the destroyer. That the three are considered three instead of 
one is simply a corruption due to the fact that general humanity must have its 
ethics made tangible. So likewise the material images of Hindu gods are simply 
symbols of divine qualities. 

He told, in explanation of the Hindu doctrine of incarnation, the story of 
Krishna, who was born by immaculate conception and the story of whom 
greatly resembles the story of Jesus. The teaching of Krishna, he claims, is the 
doctrine of love for its own sake, and he expressed [it] by the words "If the fear 
of the Lord is the beginning of religion, the love of God is its end." 

His entire lecture cannot be sketched here, but it was a masterly appeal for 



brotherly love, and an eloquent defense of a beautiful faith. The conclusion was 
especially fine, when he acknowledged his readiness to accept Christ but must 
also bow to Krishna and to Buddha; and when, with a fine picture of the cruelty 
of civilization, he refused to hold Christ responsible for the crimes of progress. 

» 



« 



Home / Complete- Works / Volume 3 / Reports in American Newspapers / 



MANNERS AND CUSTOMS IN INDIA 

( Appeal- Avalanche , January 21, 1894) 

Swami Vive Kananda, the Hindoo monk, delivered a lecture at La Salette 
Academy [Memphis] yesterday afternoon. Owing to the pouring rain, a very 
small audience was present. 

The subject discussed was "Manners and Customs in India." Vive Kananda is 
advancing theories of religious thought which find ready lodgment in the minds 
of some of the most advanced thinkers of this as well as other cities of 
America. 

His theory is fatal to the orthodox belief, as taught by the Christian teachers. It 
has been the supreme effort of Christian America to enlighten the beclouded 
minds of heathen India, but it seems that the oriental splendor of Kananda' s 
religion has eclipsed the beauty of the old-time Christianity, as taught by our 
parents, and will find a rich field in which to thrive in the minds of some of the 
better educated of America. 

This is a day of "fads," and Kananda seems to be filling a "long felt want." He 
is, perhaps, one of the most learned men of his country, and possesses a 
wonderful amount of personal magnetism, and his hearers are charmed by his 
eloquence. While he is liberal in his views, he sees very little to admire in the 
orthodox Christianity. Kananda has received more marked attention in 
Memphis than almost any lecturer or minister that has ever visited the city. 

If a missionary to India was as cordially received as the Hindoo monk is here 
the work of spreading the gospel of Christ in heathen lands would be well 
advanced. His lecture yesterday afternoon was an interesting one from a 
historic point of view. He is thoroughly familiar with the history and traditions 
of his native country, from very ancient history up to the present, and can 
describe the various places and objects of interest there with grace and ease. 

During his lecture he was frequently interrupted by questions propounded by 



the ladies in the audience, and he answered all queries without the least 
hesitancy, except when one of the ladies asked a question with the purpose of 
drawing him out into a religious discussion. He refused to be led from the 
original subject of his discourse and informed the interrogator that at another 
time he would give his views on the "transmigration of the soul," etc. 

In the course of his remarks he said that his grandfather was married when he 
was 3 years old and his father married at 18, but he had never married at all. A 
monk is not forbidden to marry, but if he takes a wife she becomes a monk 
with the same powers and privileges and occupies the same social position as 
her husband.* 

In answer to a question, he said there were no divorces in India for any cause, 
but if, after 14 years of married life, there were no children in the family, the 
husband was allowed to marry another with the wife's consent, but if she 
objected he could not marry again. His description of the ancient mausoleums 
and temples were beautiful beyond comparison, and goes to show that the 
ancients possessed scientific knowledge far superior to the most expert artisans 
of the present day. 

Swami Vivi Kananda will appear at the Y. M. H. A. Hall to-night for the last 
time in this city. He is under contract with the "Slayton Lyceum Bureau," of 
Chicago, to fill a three-years' engagement in this country. He will leave 
tomorrow for Chicago, where he has an engagement for the night of the 25th. 



(Detroit Tribune , February 15, 1894) 

Last evening a good sized audience had the privilege of seeing and listening to 
the famous Hindu Monk of the Brahmo Samaj, Swami Vive Kananda, as he 
lectured at the Unitarian Church under the auspices of the Unity Club. He 
appeared in native costume and made with his handsome face and stalwart 
figure a distinguished appearance. His eloquence held the audience in rapt 
attention and brought out applause at frequent intervals. He spoke of the 
"Manners and Customs of India" and presented the subject in the most perfect 
English. He said they did not call their country India nor themselves Hindus. 
Hindostan was the name of the country and they were Brahmans. In ancient 



times they spoke Sanscrit. In that language the reason and meaning of a word 
was explained and made quite evident but now that is all gone. Jupiter in 
Sanscrit meant "Father in Heaven." All the languages of northern India were 
now practically the same, but if he should go into the southern part of that 
country he could not converse with the people. In the words father, mother, 
sister, brother, etc.; the Sanscrit gave very similar pronunciations. This and 
other facts lead him to think we all come from the common stock, Aryans. 
Nearly all branches of this race have lost their identity 

There were four castes, the priests, the landlords and military people, the trades 
people and the artisans, laborers and servants. In the first three castes the boys 
as the ages of ten, eleven and thirteen respectively are placed in the hands of 
professors of universities and remain with them until thirty, twenty-five and 
twenty years old, respectively. ... In ancient times both boys and girls were 
instructed, but now only the boys are favored. An effort, however, is being 
made to rectify the long-existing wrong. A good share of the philosophy and 
laws of the land is the work of women during the ancient times, before 
barbarians started to rule the land. In the eyes of the Hindu the woman now has 
her rights. She holds her own and has the law on her side. 

When the student returns from college he is allowed to marry and have a 
household. Husband and wife must bear the work and both have their rights. In 
the military caste the daughters oftentimes can choose their husbands, but in all 
other cases all arrangements are made by the parents. There is a constant effort 
now being made to remedy infant marriage. The marriage ceremony is very 
beautiful, each touches the heart of the other and they swear before God and 
the assemblage that they will prove faithful to each other. No man can be a 
priest until he marries. When a man attends public worship he is always 
attended by his wife. In his worship the Hindu performs five ceremonies, 
worship of his God, of his forefathers, of the poor, of the dumb animals, and of 
learning. As long as a Hindu has anything in the house a guest must never 
want. When he is satisfied then the children, then father and mother partake. 
They are the poorest nation in the world, yet except in times of famine no one 
dies of hunger. Civilization is a great work. But in comparison the statement is 
made that in England one in every 400 is a drunkard, while in India the 
proportion is one to every million. A description was given of the ceremony of 



burning the dead. No publicity is made except in the case of some great 
nobleman. After a fifteen days' fast gifts are given by the relatives in behalf of 
the forefathers to the poor or for the formation of some institution. On moral 
matters they stand head and shoulders above all other nations. 



» 



« 



Home / Complete- Works / Volume 3 / Reports in American Newspapers / 



HINDOO PHILOSOPHY 

( Detroit Free Press , February 16, 1894) 

The second lecture of the Hindoo monk, Swami Vive Kananda, was given last 
evening at the Unitarian church to a large and very appreciative audience. The 
expectation of the audience that the speaker would enlighten them regarding 
"Hindoo Philosophy," as the lecture was entitled, was gratified to only a limited 
extent. Allusions were made to the philosophy of Buddha, and the speaker was 
applauded when he said that Buddhism was the first missionary religion of the 
world, and that it had secured the largest number of converts without the 
shedding of a drop of blood; but he did not tell his audience anything about the 
religion or philosophy of Buddha. He made a number of cute little jabs at the 
Christian religion, and alluded to the trouble and misery that had been caused 
by its introduction into heathen countries, but he skilfully avoided any 
comparison between the social condition of the people in his own land and that 
of the people to whom he was speaking. In a general way he said the Hindoo 
philosophers taught from a lower truth to a higher; whereas, a person accepting 
a newer Christian doctrine is asked and expected to throw his former belief all 
away and accept the newer in its entirety. "It is an idle dream when all of us 
will have the same religious views," said he. "No emotion can be produced 
except by clashing elements acting upon the mind. It is the revulsion of change, 
the new light, the presentation of the new to the old, that elicits sensation." 

[As the first lecture had antagonised some people, the Free Press reporter was 
very cautious. Fortunately, however, the Detroit Tribune consistently upheld 
Swamiji, and thus in its report of February 16 we get some idea of his lecture 
on "Hindu Philosophy," although the Tribune reporter seems to have taken 
somewhat sketchy notes:] 



( Detroit Tribune , February 16, 1894) 

The Brahman monk, Swami Vive Kananda, again lectured last evening at the 
Unitarian church, his topic being "Hindu Philosophy." The speaker dealt for a 



time with general philosophy and metaphysics, but said that he would devote 
the lecture to that part pertaining to religion. There is a sect that believes in a 
soul, but are agnostic in relation to God. Buddahism [sic] was a great moral 
religion, but they could not live long without believing in a god. Another sect 
known as the giants [Jains] believe in the soul, but not in the moral government 
of the country. There were several millions of this sect in India. Their priests 
and monks tie a handkerchief over their faces believing if their hot breath 
comes in contact with man or beast death will ensue. 

Among the orthodox, all believe in the revelation. Some think every cord in the 
Bible comes directly from God. The stretching of the meaning of a word would 
perhaps do in most religions, but in that of the Hindus they have the Sanscrit, 
which always retains the full meaning and reasons of the world. 

The distinguished Oriental thought there was a sixth sense far greater than any 
of the five we know we possess. It was the truth of revelation. A man may read 
all the books on religion in the world and yet be the greatest blackguard in the 
country. Revelation means later reports of spiritual discoveries. 

The second position some take is a creation without beginning or end. Suppose 
there was a time when the world did not exist; what was God doing then? To 
the Hindus the creation was only one of forms. One man is born with a healthy 
body, is of good family and grows up a godly man. Another is born with a 
maimed and crooked body and develops into a wicked man and pays the 
penalty. Why must a just and holy god create one with so many advantages and 
the other with disadvantages? The person has no choice. The evildoer has a 
consciousness of his guilt. The difference between virtue and vice was 
expounded. If God willed all things there would be an end to all science. How 
far can man go down? Is it possible for man to go back to brute again? 

Kananda was glad he was a Hindu. When Jerusalem was destroyed by the 
Romans several thousand [Jews] settled in India. When the Persians were 
driven from their country by the Arabs several thousand found refuge in the 
same country and none were molested. The Hindu, believe all religions are 
true, but theirs antedates all others. Missionaries are never molested by the 
Hindus. The first English missionaries mere prevented from landing in that 



country by English and it was a Hindu that interceded for them and gave them 
the first hand. Religion is that which believes in all. Religion was compared to 
the blind men and the elephant. Each man felt of a special part and from it drew 
his conclusions of what an elephant was. Each was right in his way and yet all 
were needed to form a whole. Hindu philosophers say "truth to truth, lower 
truth to higher." It is an idle dream of those who think that all will at some time 
think alike, for that would be the death of religion. Every religion breaks up 
into little sects, each claiming to he the true one and all the others wrong. 
Persecution is unknown in Buddahism. They sent out the first missionaries and 
are the only ones who can say they have converted millions without the 
shedding of a single drop of blood. Hindus, with all their faults and 
superstitions, never persecute. The speaker wanted to know how it was the 
Christians allowed such iniquities as are everywhere present in Christian 
countries. 



» 



« 



Home / Complete- Works / Volume 3 / Reports in American Newspapers / 



MIRACLES 

( Evening News , February 17, 1894) 

I cannot comply with the request of The News to work a miracle in proof of my 
religion," said Vive Kananda to a representative of this paper, after being 
shown The News editorial on the subject. "In the first place, I am no miracle 
worker, and in the second place the pure Hindoo religion I profess is not based 
on miracles. We do not recognize such a thing as miracles. There are wonders 
wrought beyond our five senses, but they are operated by some law. Our 
religion has nothing to do with them. Most of the strange things which are done 
in India and reported in the foreign papers are sleight-of-hand tricks or 
hypnotic illusions. They are not the performances of the wise men. These do 
not go about the country performing their wonders in the market places for pay. 
They can be seen and known only by those who seek to know the truth, and not 
moved by childish curiosity." 



» 



« 



Home / Complete- Works / Volume 3 / Reports in American Newspapers / 



THE DIVINITY OF MAN 

(Detroit Free Press , February 18, 1894) 

Swami Vive Kananda, Hindoo philosopher and priest, concluded his series of 
lectures, or rather, sermons, at the Unitarian church last night, speaking on 
"The Divinity of God" [sic]. (Actually the subject was "The Divinity of Man".) In spite 
of the bad weather, the church was crowded almost to the doors half an hour 
before the eastern brother — as he likes to be called — appeared. All 
professions and business occupations were represented in the attentive 
audience — lawyers, judges, ministers of the gospel, merchants, rabbi — not to 
speak of the many ladies who have by their repeated attendance and rapt 
attention shown a decided inclination to shower adulation upon the dusky 
visitor whose drawing-room attraction is as great as his ability in the rostrum. 

The lecture last night was less descriptive than preceding ones, and for nearly 
two hours Vive Kananda wove a metaphysical texture on affairs human and 
divine so logical that he made science appear like common sense. It was a 
beautiful logical garment that he wove, replete with as many bright colors and 
as attractive and pleasing to contemplate as one of the many-hued fabrics made 
by hand in his native land and scented with the most seductive fragrance of the 
Orient. This dusky gentleman uses poetical imagery as an artist uses colors, and 
the hues are laid on just where they belong, the result being somewhat bizarre 
in effect, and yet having a peculiar fascination. Kaleidoscopic were the swiftly 
succeeding logical conclusions, and the deft manipulator was rewarded for his 
efforts from time to time by enthusiastic applause. 

The lecture was prefaced with the statement that the speaker had been asked 
many questions. A number of these he preferred to answer privately, but three 
he had selected, for reasons which would appear, to answer from the pulpit. 
They were: (This and the next four paragraphs appear in Vol. IV of the Complete Works 
under the heading, "Is India a Benighted Country?") 



"Do the people of India throw their children into the laws of the crocodiles?" 



"Do they kill themselves beneath the wheels of the juggernaut?" 

"Do they burn widows with their husbands?" 

The first question the lecturer treated in the vein that an American abroad 
would answer inquiries about Indians running around in the streets of New 
York and similar myths which are even to-day entertained by many persons on 
the continent. The statement was too ludicrous to give a serious response to it. 
When asked by certain well-meaning but ignorant people why they gave only 
female children to the crocodiles, he could only ironically reply that probably it 
was because they were softer and more tender and could be more easily 
masticated by the inhabitants of the rivers in the benighted country. Regarding 
the juggernaut legend the lecturer explained the old practice in the sacred city 
and remarked that possibly a few in their zeal to grasp the rope and participate 
in the drawing of the car slipped and fell and were so destroyed. Some such 
mishaps had been exaggerated into the distorted version from which the good 
people of other countries shrank with horror. Vive Kananda denied that the 
people burned widows. It was true, however, that widows had burned 
themselves. In the few cases where this had happened, they had been urged not 
to do so by the priests and holy men who were always opposed to suicide 
Where the devoted widows insisted, stating that they desired to accompany 
their husbands in the transformation that had taken place they were obliged to 
submit to the fiery test. That is, they thrust their hands within the flames and if 
they permitted them to be consumed no further opposition was placed in the 
way of the fulfilment of their desires. But India is not the only country where 
women who have loved have followed immediately the loved one through the 
realms of immortality; suicide in such cases have occurred in every land. It is 
an uncommon bit of fanaticism in any country; as unusual in India as 
elsewhere. No, the speaker repeated, the people do not burn women in India; 
nor have they ever burned witches. 

Proceeding to the lecture proper, Vive Kananda proceeded to analyze the 
physical, mental and soul attributes of life. The body is but a shell; the mind 
something that acts but a brief and fantastic part; while the soul has distinct 
individuality in itself. To realize the infinity of self is to attain "freedom" which 
is the Hindoo word for "salvation." By a convincing manner of argument the 



lecturer showed that every soul is something independent, for if it were 
dependent, it could not acquire immortality. He related a story from the old 
legends of his country to illustrate the manner in which the realization of this 
may come to the individual. A lioness leaping towards a sheep in the act gave 
birth to a cub. The lioness died and the cub was given suck by the sheep and for 
many years thought itself a sheep and acted like one. But one day another lion 
appeared and led the first lion to a lake where he looked in and saw his 
resemblance to the other lion. At that he roared and realized else full majesty of 
self. Many people are like the lion masquerading as a sheep and get into a 
corner, call themselves sinners and demean themselves in every imaginable 
fashion, not yet seeing the perfection and divinity which lies in self. The ego of 
man and woman is the soul. If the soul is independent, how then can it be 
isolated from the infinite whole? Just as the great sun shines on a lake and 
numberless reflections are the result, so the soul is distinct like each reflection, 
although the great source is recognized and appreciated. The soul is sexless. 
When it has realized the condition of absolute freedom, what could it have to 
do with sex which is physical? In this connection the lecturer delved deeply 
into the water of Swedenborgian philosophy, or religion, and the connection 
between the conviction of the Hindoo and the spiritual expressions of faith on 
the part of the more modern holy man was fully apparent. Swedenborg seemed 
like a European successor of an early Hindoo priest, clothing in modern garb an 
ancient conviction; a line of thought that the greatest of French philosophers 
and novelists [Balzac?] saw fit to embody in his elevating tale of the perfect 
soul. Every individual has in himself perfection. It lies within the dark recesses 
of his physical being. To say that a man has become good because God gave 
him a portion of His perfection is to conceive the Divine Being as God minus 
just so much perfection as he has imparted to a person on this earth. The 
inexorable law of science proves that the soul is individual and must have 
perfection within itself, the attainment of which means freedom, not salvation, 
and the realization of individual infinity. Nature! God! Religion! It is all one. 

The religions are all good. A bubble of air in a glass of water strives to join 
with the mass of air without; in oil, vinegar and other materials of differing 
density its efforts are less or more retarded according to the liquid. So the soul 
struggles through various mediums for the attainment of its individual infinity. 
One religion is best adapted to a certain people because of habits of life, 



association, hereditary traits and climatic influences. Another religion is suited 
to another people for similar reasons. All that is, is best seemed to be the 
substance of the lecturer's conclusions. To try abruptly to change a nation's 
religion would be like a man who sees a river flowing from the Alps. He 
criticizes the way it has taken. Another man views the mighty stream 
descending from the Himalayas, a stream that has been running for generations 
and thousands of years, and says that it has not taken the shortest and best 
route. The Christian pictures God as a personal being seated somewhere above 
us. The Christian cannot necessarily be happy in Heaven unless he can stand on 
the edge of the golden streets and from time to time gaze down into the other 
place and see the difference. Instead of the golden rule, the Hindoo believes in 
the doctrine that all non-self is good and all self is bad, and through this belief 
the attainment of the individual infinity and the freedom of the soul at the 
proper time will be fulfilled. How excessively vulgar, stated Vive Kananda, 
was the golden rule! Always self! always self ! was the Christian creed. To do 
unto others as you would be done by! It was a horrible, barbarous, savage 
creed, but he did not desire to decry the Christian creed, for those who are 
satisfied with it to them it is well adapted. Let the great stream flow on, and he 
is a fool who would try to change its course, when nature will work out the 
solution. Spiritualist (in the true acceptance of the word) and fatalist, Vive 
Kananda emphasized his opinion that all was well and he had no desire to 
convert Christians. They were Christians; it was well. He was a Hindoo; that, 
also, was well. In his country different creeds were formulated for the needs of 
people of different grades of intelligence, all this marking the progress of 
spiritual evolution. The Hindoo religion was not one of self; ever egotistical in 
its aspirations, ever holding up promises of reward or threats of punishment. It 
shows to the individual he may attain infinity by non- self. This system of 
bribing men to become Christians, alleged to have come from God, who 
manifested Himself to certain men on earth, is atrocious. It is horribly 
demoralizing and the Christian creed, accepted literally, has a shameful effect 
upon the moral natures of the bigots who accept it, retarding the time when the 
infinity of self may be attained. 



* * * 



[The Tribune reporter, perhaps the same who had earlier heard "giants" for 



"Jains," this time heard "bury" for "burn"; but otherwise, with the exception of 
Swamiji's statements regarding the golden rule, he seems to have reported more 
or less accurately:] 



(Detroit Tribune , February 18, 1894) 

Swami Vive Kananda at the Unitarian Church last night declared that widows 
were never buried [burned] alive in India through religion or law, but the act in 
all cases had been voluntary on the part of the women. The practice had been 
forbidden by one emperor, but it had gradually grown again until a stop was 
put to it by the English government. Fanatics existed in all religions, the 
Christian as well as the Hindu. Fanatics in India had been known to hold their 
hands over their heads in penance for so long a time that the arm had gradually 
grown stiff in that position, and so remained ever after. So, too, men had made 
a vow to stand still in one position. These persons would in time lose all control 
of the lower limbs and never after be able to walk. All religions were true, and 
the people practiced morality, not because of any divine command, but because 
of its own good. Hindus, he said, did not believe in conversion, calling it 
perversion. Associations, surroundings and educations were responsible for the 
great number of religions, and how foolish it was for an exponent of one 
religion to declare that another man's belief was wrong. It was as reasonable as 
a man from Asia coming to America and after viewing the course of the 
Mississippi to say to it: "You are running entirely wrong. You will have to go 
back to the starting place and commence it all over again." It would be just as 
foolish for a man in America to visit the Alps and after following the course of 
a river to the German Sea to inform it that its course was too tortuous and that 
the only remedy would be to flow as directed. The golden rule, he declared, 
was as old as the earth itself and to it could be traced all rules of morality [sic]. 
Man is a bundle of selfishness. He thought the hell fire theory was all nonsense. 
There could not be perfect happiness when it was known that suffering existed. 
He ridiculed the manner some religious persons have while praying. The 
Hindu, he said, closed his eyes and communed with the inner spirit, while some 
Christians he had seen had seemed to stare at some point as if they saw God 
seated upon his heavenly throne. In the matter of religion there were two 
extremes, the bigot and the atheist. There was some good in the atheist, but the 
bigot lived only for his own little self. He thanked some anonymous person 



who had sent him a picture of the heart of Jesus. This he thought a 
manifestation of bigotry. Bigots belong to no religion. They are a singular 
phenomena [sic]. 



« 



Home / Complete- Works / Volume 3 / Reports in American Newspapers / 



THE LOVE OF GOD 

(The Detroit Free Press report of this lecture is printed in Vol. VIII of the Complete Works .) 

( Detroit Tribune , February 21, 1894) 

The First Unitarian Church was crowded last night to hear Vive Kananda. The 
audience was composed of people who came from Jefferson Avenue and the 
upper part of Woodward Avenue. Most of it was ladies who seemed deeply 
interested in the address and applauded several remarks of the Brahman with 
much enthusiasm. 

The love that was dwelt upon by the speaker was not the love that goes with 
passion, but a pure and holy love that one in India feels for his God. As Vive 
Kananda stated at the commencement of his address the subject was "The Love 
the Indian Feels for His God." But he did not preach to his text. The major 
portion of his address was an attack on the Christian religion. The religion of 
the Indian and the love of his God was the minor portion. The points in his 
address were illustrated with several applicable anecdotes of famous people in 
the history. The subjects of the anecdotes were renowned Mogul emperors of 
his native land and not of the native Hindu kings. 

The professors of religion were divided into two classes by the lecturer, the 
followers of knowledge and the followers of devotion. The end in the life of the 
followers of knowledge was experience. The end in the life of the devotee was 
love. 

Love, he said, was a sacrifice. It never takes, but it always gives. The Hindu 
never asks anything of his God, never prayed for salvation and a happy 
hereafter, but instead lets his whole soul go out to his God in an entrancing 
love. That beautiful state of existence could only be gained when a person felt 
an overwhelming want of God. Then God came in all of His fullness. 

There were three different ways of looking at God. One was to look upon Him 
as a mighty personage and fall down and worship His might. Another was to 
worship Him as a father. In India the father always punished the children and 



an element of fear was mixed with the regard and love for a father. Still another 
way to think of God was as a mother. In India a mother was always truly loved 
and reverenced. That was the Indian's way of looking at their God. 

Kananda said that a true lover of God would be so wrapt up in his love that he 
would have no time to stop and tell members of another sect that they were 
following the wrong road to secure the God, and strive to bring him to his way 
of thinking. 



* ^ * 



( Detroit Journal ) 

If Vive Kananda, the Brahmin monk, who is delivering a lecture course in this 
city could be induced to remain for a week longer, the largest hall in Detroit 
would not hold the crowds which would be anxious to hear him. He has 
become a veritable fad, as last evening every seat in the Unitarian church was 
occupied, and many were compelled to stand throughout the entire lecture. 

The speaker's subject was, "The Love of God". His definition of love was 
"something absolutely unselfish; that which has no thought beyond the 
glorification and adoration of the object upon which our affections are 
bestowed." Love, he said, is a quality which bows down And worships and 
asks nothing in return. Love of God, he thought, was different. God is not 
accepted, he said, because we really need him, except for selfish purposes. His 
lecture was replete with story and anecdote, all going to show the selfish 
motive underlying the motive of love for God. The Songs of Solomon were 
cited by the lecturer as the most beautiful portion of the Christian Bible and yet 
he had heard with deep regret that there was a possibility of their being 
removed. "In fact," he declared, as a sort clinching argument at the close, "the 
love of God appears to be based upon a theory of 'What can I get out of it?' 
Christians are so selfish in their love that they are continually asking God to 
give them something, including all manner of selfish things. Modern religion 
is, therefore, nothing but a mere hobby and fashion and people flock to church 
like a lot of sheep." 



» 



« 



Home / Complete- Works / Volume 3 / Reports in American Newspapers / 



THE WOMEN OF INDIA 

( Detroit Free Press , March 25, 1894) 

Kananda lectured last night at the Unitarian church on "The Women of India." 
The speaker reverted to the women of ancient India, showing in what high 
regard they are held in the holy books, where women were prophetesses. Their 
spirituality then was admirable. It is unfair to judge women in the east by the 
western standard. In the west woman is the wife; in the east she is the mother. 
The Hindoos worship the idea of mother, and even the monks are required to 
touch the earth with their foreheads before their mothers. Chastity is much 
esteemed. 

The lecture was one of the most interesting Kananda has delivered and he was 
warmly received. 



* * * 

( Detroit Evening News, March 25, 1894) 

Swami Vive Kananda lectured at the Unitarian Church last night on "The 
Women of India, Past, Medieval and the Present." He stated that in India the 
woman was the visible manifestation of God and that her whole life was given 
up to the thought that she was a mother, and to be a perfect mother she must be 
chaste. No mother in India ever abandoned her offspring, he said, and defied 
any one to prove the contrary. The girls of India would die if they, like 
American girls, were obliged to expose half their bodies to the vulgar gaze of 
young men. He desired that India be judged from the standard of that country 
and not from this. 



* * * 

( Tribune , April 1, 1894) 

While Swami Kananda was in Detroit he had a number of conversations, in 
which he answered questions regarding the women of India. It was the 



information he thus imparted that suggested a public lecture from him on this 
subject. But as he speaks without notes, some of the points he made in private 
conversation did not appear in his public address. Then his friends were in a 
measure disappointed. But one of his lady listeners has put on paper some of 
the things he told in his afternoon talks, and it is now for the first time given to 
the press: 

To the great tablelands of the high Himalaya mountains first came the Aryans, 
and there to this day abides the pure type of Brahman, a people which we 
westerners can but dream of. Pure in thought, deed and action, so honest that a 
bag of gold left in a public place would be found unharmed twenty years after; 
so beautiful that, to use Kananda's own phrase, "to see a girl in the fields is to 
pause and marvel that God could make anything so exquisite." Their features 
are regular, their eyes and hair dark, and their skin the color which would be 
produced by the drops which fell from a pricked finger into a glass of milk. 
These are the Hindus in their pure type, untainted and untrammeled. 

As to their property laws, the wife's dowry belongs to her exclusively, never 
becoming the property of the husband. She can sell or give away without his 
consent. The gifts from any one to herself, including those of the husband, are 
hers alone, to do with as she pleases. 

Woman walks abroad without fear; she is as free as perfect trust in those about 
her can render her. There is no zenana in the Himalayas, and there is a part of 
India which the missionaries never reach. These villages are most difficult of 
access. These people, untouched by Mahometan influence, can but be reached 
by wearisome and toilsome climbing, and are unknown to Mahometan and 
Christian alike. 



India's First Inhabitants 

In the forest of India are found races of wild people — very wild, even to 
cannibalism. These are the original Indians and never were Aryan or Hindu. 

As the Hindus settled in the country proper and spread over its vast area, 
corruptions of many kinds found home among them. The sun was scorching 



and the men exposed to it were dark in color. 

Five generations are but needed to change the transparent glow of the white 
complexion of the dwellers of the Himalaya Mountains to the bronzed hue of 
the Hindu of India. 

Kananda has one brother very fair and one darker than himself. His father and 
mother are fair. The women are apt to be, the cruel etiquette of the Zenana 
established for protection from the Mohammedans keeping them within doors, 
fairer. Kananda is thirty-one years old. 

A Clip at American Men 

Kananda asserts with an amused twinkle in his eye that American men amuse 
him. They profess to worship woman, but in his opinion they simply worship 
youth and beauty. They never fall in love with wrinkles and gray hair. In fact 
he is under a strong impression that American men once had a trick — 
inherited, to be sure — of burning up their old women. Modern history calls 
this the burning of witches. It was men who accused and condemned witches, 
and it was usually the old age of the victim that led her to the stake. So it is 
seen that burning women alive is not exclusively a Hindu custom. He thought 
that if it were remembered that the Christian church burned old women at the 
stake, there would be less horror expressed regarding the burning of Hindu 
widows. 



Burnings Compared 

The Hindu widow went to her death agony amid feasting and song, arrayed in 
her costliest garments and believing for the most part that such an act meant the 
glories of Paradise for herself and family. She was worshipped as a martyr and 
her name was enshrined among the family records. 

However horrible the rite appears to us, it is a bright picture compared to the 
burning of the Christian witch who, considered a guilty thing from the first, 
was thrown in a stifling dungeon, tortured cruelly to extort confession, 



subjected to an infamous trial, dragged amid jeering to the stake and consoled 
amid her sufferings by the bystander's comfort that the burning of her body was 
but the symbol for hell's everlasting fires, in which her soul would suffer even 
greater torment. 



Mothers are Sacred 

Kananda says the Hindu is taught to worship the principle of motherhood. The 
mother outranks the wife. The mother is holy. The motherhood of God is more 
in his mind than the fatherhood. 

All women, whatever the caste, are exempt from corporal punishment. Should 
a woman murder, her head is spared. She may be placed astride a donkey 
facing his tail. Thus riding through the streets a drummer shouts her crime, 
after which she is free, her humiliation being deemed sufficient punishment to 
serve as a preventive for further crime. 

Should she care to repent, there are religious houses open to her, where she can 
become purified or she can at her own option at once enter the class of monks 
and so become a holy woman. 

The question was put to Mr. Kananda whether the freedom thus allowed in the 
joining the monks without a superior over them did not tend to hypocrisy 
among the order, as he claims, of the purest of Hindu philosophers. Kananda 
assented, but explained that there is no one between the people and the monk. 
The monk has broken down all caste. A Brahmin will not touch the low-caste 
Hindu but let him or her become a monk and the mightiest will prostrate 
himself before the low-caste monk. 

The people are obliged to take care of the monk, but only as long as they 
believe in his sincerity. Once condemned for hypocrisy he is called a liar and 
falls to the depths of mendicancy — a mere wandering beggar — inspiring no 
respect. 



Other Thoughts 



A woman has the right of way with even a prince. When the studious Greeks 
visited Hindustan to learn of the Hindu, all doors were open to them, but when 
the Mohammedan with his sword and the Englishman with his bullets came 
their doors were closed. Such guests were not welcomed. As Kananda 
deliciously words it: "When the tiger comes we close our doors until he has 
passed by." 

The United States, says Kananda, has inspired him with hopes for great 
possibilities in the future, but our destiny, as that of the world, rests not in the 
lawmakers of today, but in the women. Mr. Kananda's words: "The salvation of 
your country depends upon its women." 



» 



Home / Complete- Works / Volume 3 / 

« 

BUDDHISTIC INDIA 

(Reproduced from the Swami Vivekananda Centenary Memorial Volume, published by the 
Swami Vivekananda Centenary, Calcutta, in 1963. The additions in square brackets have been 
made for purposes of clarification. Periods indicate probable omissions. — Publisher.) 

( Delivered at the Shakespeare Club, Pasadena, California, on February 2, 

1900 ) 

Buddhistic India is our subject tonight. Almost all of you, perhaps, have read 
Edwin Arnold's poem on the life of Buddha, and some of you, perhaps, have 
gone into the subject with more scholarly interest, as in English, French and 
German, there is quite a lot of Buddhistic literature. Buddhism itself is the most 
interesting of subjects, for it is the first historical outburst of a world religion. 
There have been great religions before Buddhism arose, in India and elsewhere, 
but, more or less, they are confined within their own races. The ancient Hindus 
or ancient Jews or ancient Persians, every one of them had a great religion, but 
these religions were more or less racial. With Buddhism first begins that 
peculiar phenomenon of religion boldly starting out to conquer the world. 

Apart from its doctrines and the truths it taught and the message it had to give, 
we stand face to face with one of the tremendous cataclysms of the world. 
Within a few centuries of its birth, the barefooted, shaven-headed missionaries 
of Buddha had spread over all the then known civilised world, and they 
penetrated even further — from Lapland on the one side to the Philippine 
Islands on the other. They had spread widely within a few centuries of 
Buddha's birth; and in India itself, the religion of Buddha had at one time 
nearly swallowed up two-thirds of the population. 

The whole of India was never Buddhistic. It stood outside. Buddhism had the 
same fate as Christianity had with the Jews; the majority of the Jews stood 
aloof. So the old Indian religion lived on. But the comparison stops here. 
Christianity, though it could not get within its fold all the Jewish race, itself 
took the country. Where the old religion existed — the religion of the Jews — 
that was conquered by Christianity in a very short time and the old religion was 
dispersed, and so the religion of the Jews lives a sporadic life in different parts 



of the world. But in India this gigantic child was absorbed, in the long run, by 
the mother that gave it birth, and today the very name of Buddha is almost 
unknown all over India. You know more about Buddhism than ninety-nine per 
cent of the Indians. At best, they of India only know the name — "Oh, he was a 
great prophet, a great Incarnation of God" — and there it ends. The island of 
Ceylon remains to Buddha, and in some parts of the Himalayan country, there 
are some Buddhists yet. Beyond that there are none. But [Buddhism] has 
spread over all the rest of Asia. 

Still, it has the largest number of followers of any religion, and it has indirectly 
modified the teachings of all the other religions. A good deal of Buddhism 
entered into Asia Minor. It was a constant fight at one time whether the 
Buddhists would prevail or the later sects of Christians. The [Gnostics] and the 
other sects of early Christians were more or less Buddhistic in their tendencies, 
and all these got fused up in that wonderful city of Alexandria, and out of the 
fusion under Roman law came Christianity. Buddhism in its political and social 
aspect is even more interesting than its [doctrines] and dogmas; and as the first 
outburst of the tremendous world-conquering power of religion, it is very 
interesting also. 

I am mostly interested in this lecture in India as it has been affected by 
Buddhism; and to understand Buddhism and its rise a bit, we have to get a few 
ideas about India as it existed when this great prophet was born. 

There was already in India a vast religion with an organised scripture — the 
Vedas; and these Vedas existed as a mass of literature and not a book — just as 
you find the Old Testament, the Bible. Now, the Bible is a mass of literature of 
different ages; different persons are the writers, and so on. It is a collection. 
Now, the Vedas are a vast collection. I do not know whether, if the texts were 
all found — nobody has found all the texts, nobody even in India has seen all 
the books — if all the books were known, this room would contain them. It is a 
huge mass of literature, carried down from generation to generation from God, 
who gave the scriptures. And the idea about the scriptures in India became 
tremendously orthodox. You complain of your orthodoxies in book- worship. If 
you get the Hindus' idea, where will you be? The Hindus think the Vedas are 
the direct knowledge of God, that God has created the whole universe in and 



through the Vedas, and that the whole universe exists because it is in the 
Vedas. The cow exists outside because the word "cow" is in the Vedas; man 
exists outside because of the word in the Vedas. Here you see the beginning of 
that theory which later on Christians developed and expressed in the text: "In 
the beginning was the Word and the Word was with God " It is the old, ancient 
theory of India. Upon that is based the whole idea of the scriptures. And mind, 
every word is the power of God. The word is only the external manifestation on 
the material plane. So, all this manifestation is just the manifestation on the 
material plane; and the Word is the Vedas, and Sanskrit is the language of God. 
God spoke once. He spoke in Sanskrit, and that is the divine language. Every 
other language, they consider, is no more than the braying of animals; and to 
denote that they call every other nation that does not speak Sanskrit 
[Mlechchhas], the same word as the barbarians of the Greeks. They are 
braying, not talking, and Sanskrit is the divine language. 

Now, the Vedas were not written by anybody; they were eternally coexistent 
with God. God is infinite. So is knowledge, and through this knowledge is 
created the world. Their idea of ethics is [that a thing is good] because the law 
says so. Everything is bounded by that book — nothing [can go] beyond that, 
because the knowledge of God — you cannot get beyond that. That is Indian 
orthodoxy. 

In the latter part of the Vedas, you see the highest, the spiritual. In the early 
portions, there is the crude part. You quote a passage from the Vedas — "That 
is not good", you say. "Why?" "There is a positive evil injunction" — the same 
as you see in the Old Testament. There are numbers of things in all old books, 
curious ideas, which we would not like in our present day. You say: "This 
doctrine is not at all good; why, it shocks my ethics!" How did you get your 
idea? [Merely] by your own thought? Get out! If it is ordained by God, what 
right have you to question? When the Vedas say, "Do not do this; this is 
immoral", and so on, no more have you the right to question at all. And that is 
the difficulty. If you tell a Hindu, "But our Bible does not say so", [he will 
reply] "Oh, your Bible! it is a babe of history. What other Bible could there be 
except the Vedas? What other book could there be? All knowledge is in God. 
Do you mean to say that He teaches by two or more Bibles? His knowledge 
came out in the Vedas. Do you mean to say that He committed a mistake, then? 



Afterwards, He wanted to do something better and taught another Bible to 
another nation? You cannot bring another book that is as old as Vedas. 
Everything else — it was all copied after that." They would not listen to you. 
And the Christian brings the Bible. They say: "That is fraud. God only speaks 
once, because He never makes mistakes." 

Now, just think of that. That orthodoxy is terrible. And if you ask a Hindu that 
he is to reform his society and do this and that, he says: "Is it in the books? If it 
is not, I do not care to change. You wait. In five [hundred] years more you will 
find this is good." If you say to him, "This social institution that you have is not 
right", he says, "How do you know that?" Then he says: "Our social institutions 
in this matter are the better. Wait five [hundred] years and your institutions will 
die. The test is the survival of the fittest. You live, but there is not one 
community in the world which lives five hundred years together. Look here ! 
We have been standing all the time." That is what they would say. Terrible 
orthodoxy! And thank God I have crossed that ocean. 

This was the orthodoxy of India. What else was there? Everything was divided, 
the whole society, as it is today, though in a much more rigorous form then — 
divided into castes. There is another thing to learn. There is a tendency to make 
castes just [now] going on here in the West. And I myself — I am a renegade. I 
have broken everything. I do not believe in caste, individually. It has very good 
things in it. For myself, Lord help me! I would not have any caste, if He helps 
me. You understand what I mean by caste, and you are all trying to make it 
very fast. It is a hereditary trade [for] the Hindu. The Hindu said in olden times 
that life must be made easier and smoother. And what makes everything alive? 
Competition. Hereditary trade kills. You are a carpenter? Very good, your son 
can be only a carpenter. What are you? A blacksmith? Blacksmithing becomes 
a caste; your children will become blacksmiths. We do not allow anybody else 
to come into that trade, so you will be quiet and remain there. You are a 
military man, a fighter? Make a caste. You are a priest? Make a caste. The 
priesthood is hereditary. And so on. Rigid, high power! That has a great side, 
and that side is [that] it really rejects competition. It is that which has made the 
nation live while other nations have died — that caste. But there is a great evil: 
it checks individuality. I will have to be a carpenter because I am born a 
carpenter; but I do not like it. That is in the books, and that was before Buddha 



was born. I am talking to you of India as it was before Buddha. And you are 
trying today what you call socialism! Good things will come; but in the long 
run you will be a [blight] upon the race. Freedom is the watchword. Be free! A 
free body, a free mind, and a free soul! That is what I have felt all my life; I 
would rather be doing evil freely than be doing good under bondage. 

Well, these things that they are crying for now in the West, they have done 
ages before there. Land has been nationalised ... by thousands all these things. 
There is blame upon this hide-bound caste. The Indian people are intensely 
socialistic. But, beyond that, there is a wealth of individualism. They are as 
tremendously individualistic — that is to say, after laying down all these 
minute regulations. They have regulated how you should eat, drink, sleep, die! 
Everything is regulated there; from early morning to when you go to bed and 
sleep, you are following regulations and law. Law, law. Do you wonder that a 
nation should [live] under that? Law is death. The more of the law in a country, 
the worse for the country. [But to be an individual] we go to the mountains, 
where there is no law, no government. The more of law you make, the more of 
police and socialism, the more of blackguards there are. Now this tremendous 
regulation of law [is] there. As soon as a child is born, he knows that he is born 
a slave: slave to his caste, first; slave to his nation, next. Slave, slave, slave. 
Every action - his drinking and his eating. He must eat under a regular method; 
this prayer with the first morsel, this prayer with the second, that prayer with 
the third, and that prayer when he drinks water. Just think of that! Thus, from 
day to day, it goes on and on. 

But they were thinkers. They knew that this would not lead to real greatness. 

So they left a way out for them all. After all, they found out that all these 
regulations are only for the world and the life of the world. As soon as you do 
not want money [and] you do not want children — no business for this world 

— you can go out entirely free. Those that go out thus were called Sannyasins 

— people who have given up. They never organised themselves, nor do they 
now; they are a free order of men and women who refuse to marry, who refuse 
to possess property, and they have no law — not even the Vedas bind them. 
They stand on [the] top of the Vedas. They are [at] the other pole [from] our 
social institutions. They are beyond caste. They have grown beyond. They are 
too big to be bound by these little regulations and things. Only two things [are] 



necessary for them: they must not possess property and must not marry. If you 
marry, settle down, or possess property, immediately the regulations will be 
upon you; but if you do not do either of these two, you are free. They were the 
living gods of the race, and ninety-nine per cent of our great men and women 
were to be found among them. 

In every country, real greatness of the soul means extraordinary individuality, 
and that individuality you cannot get in society. It frets and fumes and wants to 
burst society. If society wants to keep it down, that soul wants to burst society 
into pieces. And they made an easy channel. They say: "Well, once you get out 
of society, then you may preach and teach everything that you like. We only 
worship you from a distance. So there were the tremendous, individualistic 
men and women, and they are the highest persons in all society. If one of those 
yellow-clad shaven-heads comes, the prince even dare not remain seated in his 
presence; he must stand. The next half hour, one of these Sannyasins might be 
at the door of one of the cottages of the poorest subjects, glad to get only a 
piece of bread. And he has to mix with all grades; now he sleeps with a poor 
man in his cottage; tomorrow [he] sleeps on the beautiful bed of a king. One 
day he dines on gold plates in kings' palaces; the next day, he has not any food 
and sleeps under a tree. Society looks upon these men with great respect; and 
some of them, just to show their individuality, will try to shock the public 
ideas. But the people are never shocked so long as they keep to these 
principles: perfect purity and no property. 

These men, being very individualistic, they are always trying new theories and 
plans — visiting in every country. They must think something new; they 
cannot run in the old groove. Others are all trying to make us run in the old 
groove, forcing us all to think alike. But human nature is greater than any 
human foolishness. Our greatness is greater than our weakness; the good things 
are stronger than the evil things. Supposing they succeeded in making us all 
think in the same groove, there we would be — no more thought to think; we 
would die. 

Here was a society which had almost no vitality, its members pressed down by 
iron chains of law. They were forced to help each other. There, one was under 
regulations [that were] tremendous: regulations even how to breathe: how to 



wash face and hands; how to bathe; how to brush the teeth; and so on, to the 
moment of death. And beyond these regulations was the wonderful 
individualism of the Sannyasin. There he was. And every days new sect was 
rising amongst these strong, individualistic men and women. The ancient 
Sanskrit books tell about their standing out — of one woman who was very 
quaint, queer old woman of the ancient times; she always had some new thing; 
sometimes [she was] criticised, but always people were afraid of her, obeying 
her quietly. So, there were those great men and women of olden times. 

And within this society, so oppressed by regulations, the power was in the 
hands of the priests. In the social scale, the highest caste is [that of] the priest, 
and that being a business — I do not know any other word, that is why I use the 
word "priest". It is not in the same sense as in this country, because our priest is 
not a man that teaches religion or philosophy. The business of a priest is to 
perform all these minute details of regulations which have been laid down The 
priest is the man who helps in these regulations. He marries you; to your 
funeral he comes to pray. So at all the ceremonies performed upon a man or a 
woman, the priest must be there. In society the ideal is marriage. [Everyone] 
must marry. It is the rule. Without marriage, man is not able to perform any 
religious ceremony; he is only half a man; [he] is not competent to officiate — 
even the priest himself cannot officiate as a priest, except he marries. Half a 
man is unfit within society. 

Now, the power of the priests increased tremendously. . . . The general policy 
of our national law-givers was to give the priests this honour. They also had the 
same socialistic plan [you are] just ready to [try] that checked them from 
getting money. What [was] the motive? Social honour. Mind you, the priest in 
all countries is the highest in the social scale, so much so in India that the 
poorest Brahmin is greater than the greatest king in the country, by birth. He is 
the nobleman in India. But the law does not allow him ever to become rich. 

The law grinds him down to poverty — only, it gives him this honour. He 
cannot do a thousand things; and the higher is the caste in the social scale, the 
more restricted are its enjoyments. The higher the caste, the less the number of 
kinds of food that man can eat, the less the amount of food that man may eat, 
the less the number of occupations [he may] engage in. To you, his life would 
be only a perpetual train of hardships — nothing more than that. It is a 



perpetual discipline in eating, drinking, and everything; and all [penalties] 
which are required from the lower caste are required from the higher ten times 
more. The lowest man tells a lie; his fine is one dollar. A Brahmin, he must 
pay, say, a hundred dollars — [for] he knows better. 

But this was a grand organisation to start with. Later on, the time came when 
they, these priests, began to get all the power in their hands; and at last they 
forgot the secret of their power: poverty. They were men whom society fed and 
clad so that they might simply learn and teach and think. Instead of that, they 
began to spread out their hands to clutch at the riches of society. They became 
"money-grabbers" — to use your word — and forgot all these things. 

Then there was the second caste, the kingly caste, the military. Actual power 
was in their hands. Not only so — they have produced all of our great thinkers, 
and not the Brahmins. It is curious. All our great prophets, almost without one 
exception, belong to the kingly caste. The great man Krishna was also of that 
caste; Rama, he also, and all our great philosophers, almost all [sat] on the 
throne; thence came all the great philosophers of renunciation. From the throne 
came the voice that always cried, "Renounce". These military people were their 
kings; and they [also] were the philosophers; they were the speakers in the 
Upanishads. In their brains and their thought, they were greater than the priests 
they were more powerful, they were the kings - and yet the priests got all the 
power and: tried to tyrannise over them. And so that was going on: political 
competition between the two castes, the priests and the kings. 

Another phenomenon is there. Those of you that have been to hear the first 
lecture already know that in India there are two great races: one is called the 
Aryan; the other, the non- Aryan. It is the Aryan race that has the three castes; 
but the whole of the rest are dubbed with one name, Shudras — no caste. They 
are not Aryans at all. (Many people came from outside of India, and they found 
the Shudras [there], the aborigines of the country). However it may be, these 
vast masses of non- Ary an people and the mixed people among them, they 
gradually became civilised and they began to scheme for the same rights as the 
Aryans. They wanted to enter their schools and their colleges; they wanted to 
take the sacred thread of the Aryans; they wanted to perform the same 
ceremonies as the Aryans, and wanted to have equal rights in religion and 



politics like the Aryans. And the Brahmin priest, he was the great antagonist of 
such claims. You see, it is the nature of priests in every country — they are the 
most conservative people, naturally. So long as it is a trade, it must be; it is to 
their interest to be conservative. So this tide of murmur outside the Aryan pale, 
the priests were trying to check with all their might. Within the Aryan pale, 
there was also a tremendous religious ferment, and [it was] mostly led by this 
military caste. 

There was already the sect of Jains [who are a] conservative [force] in India 
[even] today. It is a very ancient sect. They declared against the validity of the 
scriptures of the Hindus, the Vedas. They wrote some books themselves, and 
they said: "Our books are the only original books, the only original Vedas, and 
the Vedas that now are going on under that name have been written by the 
Brahmins to dupe the people." And they also laid the same plan. You see, it is 
difficult for you to meet the arguments of the Hindus about the scriptures. They 
also claimed [that] the world has been created through those books. And they 
were written in the popular language. The Sanskrit, even then, had ceased to be 
a spoken language — [it had] just the same relation [to the spoken language] as 
Latin has to modern Italian. Now, they wrote all their books in Pali; and when a 
Brahmin said, "Why, your books are in Pali! ", they said, "Sanskrit is a 
language of the dead." 

In their methods and manners they were different. For, you see, these Hindu 
scriptures, the Vedas, are a vast mass of accumulation — some of them crude 
— until you come to where religion is taught, only the spiritual. Now, that was 
the portion of the Vedas which these sects all claimed to preach. Then, there 
are three steps in the ancient Vedas: first, work; second, worship; third, 
knowledge. When a man purifies himself by work and worship, then God is 
within that man. He has realised He is already there. He only can have seen 
Him because the mind has become pure. Now, the mind can become purified 
by work and worship. That is all. Salvation is already there. We don't know it. 
Therefore, work, worship, and knowledge are the three steps. By work, they 
mean doing good to others. That has, of course, something in it, but mostly, as 
to the Brahmins, work means to perform these elaborate ceremonials: killing of 
cows and killing of bulls, killing of goats and all sorts of animals, that are taken 
fresh and thrown into the fire, and so on. "Now" declared the Jains, "that is no 



work at all, because injuring others can never be any good work"; and they 
said; "This is the proof that your Vedas are false Vedas, manufactured by the 
priests, because you do not mean to say that any good book will order us [to 
be] killing animals and doing these things. You do not believe it. So all this 
killing of animals and other things that you see in the Vedas, they have been 
written by the Brahmins, because they alone are benefited. It is the priest only 
[who] pockets the money and goes home. So, therefore, it is all priest-craft." 

It was one of their doctrines that there cannot be any God: "The priests have 
invented God, that the people may believe in God and pay them money. All 
nonsense! there is no God. There is nature and there are souls, and that is all. 
Souls have got entangled into this life and got round them the clothing of man 
you call a body. Now, do good work." But from that naturally came the 
doctrine that everything that is matter is vile. They are the first teachers of 
asceticism. If the body is the result of impurity, why, therefore the body is vile. 
If a man stands on one leg for some time — "All right, it is a punishment". If 
the head comes up bump against a wall — "Rejoice, it is a very good 
punishment". Some of the great founders of the [Franciscan Order] — one of 
them St. Francis — were going to a certain place to meet somebody; and St. 
Francis had one of his companions with him, and he began to talk as to whether 
[the person] would receive them or not, and this man suggested that possibly he 
would reject them. Said St. Francis: "That is not enough, brother, but if, when 
we go and knock at the door, the man comes and drives us away, that is not 
enough. But if he orders us to be bound and gives us a thorough whipping, 
even that is not enough. And then, if he binds us hand and foot and whips us 
until we bleed at every pore and throws us outside in the snow, that would be 
enough." 

These [same] ascetic ideas prevailed at that time. These Jains were the first 
great ascetics; but they did some great work. "Don't injure any and do good to 
all that you can, and that is all the morality and ethics, and that is all the work 
there is, and the rest is all nonsense — the Brahmins created that. Throw it all 
away." And then they went to work and elaborated this one principle all 
through, and it is a most wonderful ideal: how all that we call ethics they 
simply bring out from that one great principle of non-injury and doing good. 



This sect was at least five hundred years before Buddha, and he was five 
hundred and fifty years before Christ (The dates of the Jaina and Buddha were not 
known accurately in those days.). Now the whole of the animal creation they divide 
into five sections: the lowest have only one organ, that of touch; the next one, 
touch and taste; the next, touch, taste, and hearing; the next, touch, taste, 
hearing, and sight. And the next, the five organs. The first two, the one-organ 
and the two-organ, are invisible to the naked eye, and they art everywhere in 
water. A terrible thing, killing these [low forms of life]. This bacteriology has 
come into existence in the modern world only in the last twenty years and 
therefore nobody knew anything about it. They said, the lowest animals are 
only one-organ, touch; nothing else. The next greater [were] also invisible. And 
they all knew that if you boiled water these animals were ail killed. So these 
monks, if they died of thirst, they would never kill these animals by drinking 
water. But if [a monk] stands at your door and you give him a little boiled 
water, the sin is on you of killing the animals — and he will get the benefit. 
They carry these ideas to ludicrous extremes. For instance, in rubbing the body 
— if he bathes — he will have to kill numbers of animalcules; so he never 
bathes. He gets killed himself; he says that is all right. Life has no care for him; 
he will get killed and save life. 

These Jains were there. There were various other sects of ascetics; and while 
this was going on, on the one hand, there was the political jealousy between the 
priests and the kings. And then these different dissatisfied sects [were] 
springing up everywhere. And there was the greater problem: the vast 
multitudes of people wanting the same rights as the Aryans, dying of thirst 
while the perennial stream of nature went flowing by them, and no right to 
drink a drop of water. 

And that man was born — the great man Buddha. Most of you know about 
him, his life. And in spite of all the miracles and stories that generally get 
fastened upon any great man, in the first place, he is one of the most historical 
prophets of the world. Two are very historical: one, the most ancient, Buddha, 
and the other, Mohammed, because both friends and foes are agreed about 
them. So we are perfectly sure that there were such persons. As for the other 
persons, we have only to take for granted what the disciples say — nothing 
more. Our Krishna — you know, the Hindu prophet — he is very mythological. 



A good deal of his life, and everything about him, is written only by his 
disciples; and then there seem to be, sometimes, three or four men, who all 
loom into one. We do not know so clearly about many of the prophets; but as to 
this man, because both friends and foes write of him, we are sure that there was 
such a historical personage. And if we analyse through all the fables and 
reports of miracles and stories that generally are heaped upon a great man in 
this world, we will find an inside core; and all through the account of that man, 
he never did a thing for himself — never! How do you know that? Because, 
you see, when fables are fastened upon a man, the fables must be tinged with 
that man's general character. Not one fable tried to impute any vice or any 
immorality to the man. Even his enemies have favourable accounts. 

When Buddha was born, he was so pure that whosoever looked at his face from 
a distance immediately gave up the ceremonial religion and became a monk 
and became saved. So the gods held a meeting. They said, "We are undone". 
Because most of the gods live upon the ceremonials. These sacrifices go to the 
gods and these sacrifices were all gone. The gods were dying of hunger and 
[the reason for] it was that their power was gone. So the gods said: "We must, 
anyhow, put this man down. He is too pure for our life." And then the gods 
came and said: "Sir, we come to ask you something. We want to make a great 
sacrifice and we mean to make a huge fire, and we have been seeking all over 
the world for a pure spot to light the fire on and could not find it, and now we 
have found it. If you will lie down, on your breast we will make the huge fire." 
"Granted," he says, "go on." And the gods built the fire high upon the breast of 
Buddha, and they thought he was dead, and he was not. And then they went 
about and said, "We are undone." And all the gods began to strike him. No 
good. They could not kill him. From underneath, the voice comes: "Why [are 
you] making all these vain attempts?" "Whoever looks upon you becomes 
purified and is saved, and nobody is going to worship us." "Then, your attempt 
is vain, because purity can never be killed." This fable was written by his 
enemies, and yet throughout the fable the only blame that attaches to Buddha is 
that he was so great a teacher of purity. 

About his doctrines, some of you know a little. It is his doctrines that appeal to 
many modern thinkers whom you call agnostics He was a great preacher of the 
brotherhood of mankind: "Aryan or non- Aryan, caste or no caste, and sects or 



no sects, every one has the same right to God and to religion and to freedom. 
Come in all of you." But as to other things, he was very agnostic. "Be 
practical." There came to him one day five young men, Brahmin born, 
quarrelling upon a question. They came to him to ask him the way to truth. And 
one said: "My people teach this, and this is the way to truth." The other said: "I 
have been taught this, and this is the only way to truth." "Which is the right 
way, sir?" "Well, you say your people taught this is truth and is the way to 
God?" "Yes." "But did you see God?" "No, sir." "Your father?" "No, sir." 

"Your grandfather?" "No, sir." "None of them saw God?" "No" "Well, and your 
teachers — neither [any] of them saw God?" "No." And he asked the same to 
the others. They all declared that none had seen God. "Well," said Buddha, "in 
a certain village came a young man weeping and howling and crying: 'Oh, I 
love her so! oh my, I love her so!' And then the villagers came; and the only 
thing he said was he loved her so. 'Who is she that you love?' 'I do not know.' 
'Where does she live?' 'I do not know' — but he loved her so. 'How does she 
look?' 'That I do not know; but oh, I love her so."' Then asked Buddha: "Young 
man, what would you call this young man?" "Why, sir, he was a fool!" And 
they all declared: "Why, sir, that young man was certainly a fool, to be crying 
and all that about a woman, to say he loved her so much and he never saw her 
or knew that she existed or anything?" "Are you not the same? You say that 
this God your father or your grandfather never saw, and now you are 
quarrelling upon a thing which neither you nor your ancestors ever knew, and 
you are trying to cut each other's throats about it." Then the young men asked: 
"What are we to do?" "Now, tell me: did your father ever teach that God is ever 
angry?" "No, sir." "Did your father ever teach that God is evil?" "No, sir, He is 
always pure." "Well, now, if you are pure and good and all that, do you not 
think that you will have more chance to come near to that God than by 
discussing all this and trying to cut each other's throats? Therefore, say I: be 
pure and be good; be pure and love everyone." And that was [all]. 

You see that non-killing of animals and charity towards animals was an already 
existing doctrine when he was born; but it was new with him — the breaking 
down of caste, that tremendous movement. And the other thing that was new: 
he took forty of his disciples and sent them all over the world, saying, "Go ye; 
mix with all races and nations and preach the excellent gospel for the good of 
all, for the benefit of all." And, of course, he was not molested by the Hindus. 



He died at a ripe old age. All his life he was a most stern man: he never yielded 
to weakness. I do not believe many of his doctrines; of course, I do not. I 
believe that the Vedantism of the old Hindus is much more thoughtful, is a 
grander philosophy of life. I like his method of work, but what I like [most] in 
that man is that, among all the prophets of mankind, here was a man who never 
had any cobwebs in his brain, and [who was] sane and strong. When kingdoms 
were at his feet, he was still the same man, maintaining "I am a man amongst 
men." 

Why, the Hindus, they are dying to worship somebody. You will find, if you 
live long enough, I will be worshipped by our people. If you go there to teach 
them something, before you die you will be worshipped. Always trying to 
worship somebody. And living in that race, the world-honoured Buddha, he 
died always declaring that he was but man. None of his adulators could draw 
from him one remark that he was anything different from any other man. 

Those last dying words of his always thrilled through my heart. He was old, he 
was suffering, he was near his death, and then came the despised outcaste — he 
lives on carrion, dead animals; the Hindus would not allow them to come into 
cities — one of these invited him to a dinner and he came with his disciples, 
and the poor Chanda, he wanted to treat this great teacher according to what he 
thought would be best; so he had a lot of pig's flesh and a lot of rice for him, 
and Buddha looked at that. The disciples were all [hesitating], and the Master 
said: "Well, do not eat, you will be hurt." But he quietly sat down and ate. The 
teacher of equality must eat the [outcaste] Chanda's dinner, even the pig's flesh. 
He sat down and ate it. 

He was already dying. He found death coming on, and he asked, "Spread for 
me something under this tree, for I think the end is near." And he was there 
under the tree, and he laid himself down; he could not sit up any more. And the 
first thing he did, he said: "Go to that Chanda and tell him that he has been one 
of my greatest benefactors; for his meal, I am going to Nirvana." And then 
several men came to be instructed, and a disciple said, "Do not go near now, 
the Master is passing away". And as soon as he heard it, the Lord said, "Let 
them come in". And somebody else came and the disciples would not [let them 
enter]. Again they came, and then the dying Lord said: "And O, thou Ananda, I 



am passing away. Weep not for me. Think not for me. I am gone. Work out 
diligently your own salvation. Each one of you is just what I am. I am nothing 
but one of you. What I am today is what I made myself. Do you struggle and 
make yourselves what I am. ..." 

These are the memorable words of Buddha: "Believe not because an old book 
is produced as an authority. Believe not because your father said [you should] 
believe the same. Believe not because other people like you believe it. Test 
everything, try everything, and then believe it, and if you find it for the good of 
many, give it to all." And with these words, the Master passed away. 

See the sanity of the man. No gods, no angels, no demons — nobody. Nothing 
of the kind. Stern, sane, every brain-cell perfect and complete, even at the 
moment of death. No delusion. I do not agree with many of his doctrines. You 
may not. But in my opinion — oh, if I had only one drop of that strength! The 
sanest philosopher the world ever saw. Its best and its sanest teacher. And 
never that man bent before even the power of the tyrannical Brahmins. Never 
that man bent. Direct and everywhere the same: weeping with the miserable, 
helping the miserable, singing with the singing, strong with the strong, and 
everywhere the same sane and able man. 

And, of course, with all this I can [not] understand his doctrine. You know he 
denied that there was any soul in man — that is, in the Hindu sense of the 
word. Now, we Hindus all believe that there is something permanent in man, 
which is unchangeable and which is living through all eternity. And that in man 
we call Atman, which is without beginning and without end. And [we believe] 
that there is something permanent in nature [and that we call Brahman, which 
is also without beginning and without end]. He denied both of these. He said 
there is no proof of anything permanent. It is all a mere mass of change; a mass 
of thought in a continuous change is what you call a mind. ... The torch is 
leading the procession. The circle is a delusion. [Or take the example of a 
river.] It is a continuous river passing on; every moment a fresh mass of water 
passing on. So is this life; so is all body, so is all mind. 

Well, I do not understand his doctrine — we Hindus never understood it. But I 
can understand the motive behind that. Oh, the gigantic motive! The Master 



says that selfishness is the great curse of the world; that we are selfish and that 
therein is the curse. There should be no motive for selfishness. You are [like a 
river] passing [on] — a continuous phenomenon. Have no God; have no soul; 
stand on your feet and do good for good's sake — neither for fear of 
punishment nor for [the sake of] going anywhere. Stand sane and motiveless. 
The motive is: I want to do good, it is good to do good. Tremendous! 
Tremendous! I do not sympathise with his metaphysics at all; but my mind is 
jealous when I think of the moral force. Just ask your minds which one of you 
can stand for one hour, able and daring like that man. I cannot for five minutes. 
I would become a coward and want a support. I am weak — a coward. And I 
warm to think of this tremendous giant. We cannot approach that strength. The 
world never saw [anything] compared to that strength. And I have not yet seen 
any other strength like that. We are all born cowards. If we can save ourselves 
[we care about nothing else]. Inside is the tremendous fear, the tremendous 
motive, all the time. Our own selfishness makes us the most arrant cowards; 
our own selfishness is the great cause of fear and cowardice. And there he 
stood: "Do good because it is good; ask no more questions; that is enough. A 
man made to do good by a fable, a story, a superstition — he will be doing evil 
as soon as the opportunity comes. That man alone is good who does good for 
good's sake, and that is the character of the man." 

"And what remains of man?" was asked of the Master. "Everything — 
everything. But what is in the man? Not the body not the soul, but character. 
And that is left for all ages. All that have passed and died, they have left for us 
their characters, eternal possessions for the rest of humanity; and these 
characters are working — working all through." What of Buddha? What of 
Jesus of Nazareth? The world is full of their characters. Tremendous doctrine! 

Let us come down a little — we have not come to the subject at all. (Laughter.) 
I must add not a few words more this evening. ... 

And then, what he did. His method of work: organisation. The idea that you 
have today of church is his character. He left the church. He organised these 
monks and made them into a body. Even the voting by ballot is there five 
hundred and sixty years before Christ. Minute organization. The church was 
left and became a tremendous power, and did great missionary work in India 



and outside India. Then came, three hundred years after, two hundred years 
before Christ, the great emperor Asoka, as he has been called by your Western 
historians, the divinest of monarchs, and that man became entirely converted to 
the ideas of Buddha, and he was the greatest emperor of the world at that time. 
His grandfather was a contemporary of Alexander, and since Alexander's time, 
India had become more intimately connected with Greece. ... Every day in 
Central Asia some inscription or other is being found. India had forgotten all 
about Buddha and Asoka and everyone. But there were pillars, obelisks, 
columns, with ancient letters which nobody could read. Some of the old Mogul 
emperors declared they would give millions for anybody to read those; but 
nobody could. Within the last thirty years those have been read; they are all 
written in Pali. 

The first inscription is: ". . ." 

And then he writes this inscription, describing the terror and the misery of war; 
and then he became converted to religion. Then said he: "Henceforth let none 
of my descendants think of acquiring glory by conquering other races. If they 
want glory, let them help other races; let them send teachers of sciences and 
teachers of religion. A glory won by the sword is no glory at all." And next you 
find how he is sending missionaries even to Alexandria.... You wonder that you 
find all over that part of the country sects rising immediately, called 
Theraputae, Essenes, and all those — extreme vegetarians, and so on. Now this 
great Emperor Asoka built hospitals for men and for animals. The inscriptions 
show they are ordering hospitals, building hospitals for men and for animals. 
That is to say, when an animal gets old, if I am poor and cannot keep it any 
longer, I do not shoot it down for mercy. These hospitals are maintained by 
public charity. The coasting traders pay so much upon every hundredweight 
they sell, and all that goes to the hospital; so nobody is touched. If you have a 
cow that is old — anything — and do not want to keep it, send it to the 
hospital; they keep it, even down to rats and mice and anything you send. Only, 
our ladies try to kill these 

animals sometimes, you know. They go in large numbers to see them and they 
bring all sorts of cakes; the animals are killed many times by this food. He 
claimed that the animals should be as much under the protection of the 
government as man. Why should animals be allowed to be killed? [There] is no 



reason. But he says, before prohibiting the killing of animals for food even, 
[people] must be provided with all sorts of vegetables. So he sent and collected 
all kinds of vegetables and planted them in India; and then, as soon as these 
were introduced, the order was: henceforth, whosoever kills an animal will be 
punished. A government is to be a government; the animals must be protected 
also. What business has a man to kill a cow, a goat, or any other animal for 
food? 

Thus Buddhism was and did become a great political power in India. Gradually 
it also fell to pieces — after all, this tremendous missionary enterprise. But to 
their credit it must be said, they never took up the sword to preach religion. 
Excepting the Buddhistic religion, there is not one religion in the world which 
could make one step without bloodshed — not one which could get a hundred 
thousand converts just by brain power alone. No, no. All through. And this is 
just what you are going to do in the Philippines. That is your method. Make 
them religious by the sword. That is what your priests are preaching. Conquer 
and kill them that they may get religion. A wonderful way of preaching 
religion! 

You know how this great emperor Asoka was converted. This great emperor in 
his youth was not so good. [He had a brother.] And the two brothers quarrelled 
and the other brother defeated this one, and the emperor in vengeance wanted 
to kill him. The emperor got the news that he had taken shelter with a 
Buddhistic monk. Now, I have told you how our monks are very holy; no one 
would come near them. The emperor himself came. He said, "Deliver the man 
to me" Then the monk preached to him: "Vengeance is bad. Disarm anger with 
love. Anger is not cured by anger, nor hatred by hatred. Dissolve anger by love. 
Cure hatred by love. Friend, if for one evil thou returnest another, thou curest 
not the first evil, but only add one evil more to the world." The emperor said: 
"That is all right, fool that you are. Are you ready to give your life — to give 
your life for that man?" "Ready, sir." And he came out. And the emperor drew 
his sword, and he said: "Get ready." And just [as he] was going to strike, he 
looked at the face of the man. There was not a wink in those eyes. The emperor 
stopped, and he said: "Tell me, monk, where did you learn this strength, poor 
beggar, not to wink?" And then he preached again. "Go on, monk", he said, 
"That is nice", he said. Accordingly, he [fell under] the charm of the Master — 



Buddha's charm. 



There have been three things in Buddhism: the Buddha himself, his law, his 
church. At first it was so simple. When the Master died, before his death, they 
said: "What shall we do with you?" "Nothing." "What monuments shall we 
make over you?" He said: "Just make a little heap if you want, or just do not do 
anything." By and by, there arose huge temples and all the paraphernalia. The 
use of images was unknown before then. I say they were the first to use images. 
There are images of Buddha and all the saints, sitting about and praying. All 
this paraphernalia went on multiplying with this organisation. Then these 
monasteries became rich. The real cause of the downfall is here. Monasticism 
is all very good for a few; but when you preach it in such a fashion that every 
man or woman who has a mind immediately gives up social life, when you find 
over the whole of India monasteries, some containing a hundred thousand 
monks, sometimes twenty thousand monks in one building — huge, gigantic 
buildings, these monasteries, scattered all over India and, of course, centres of 
learning, and all that — who were left to procreate progeny, to continue the 
race? Only the weaklings. All the strong and vigorous minds went out. And 
then came national decay by the sheer loss of vigour. 

I will tell you of this marvellous brotherhood. It is great. But theory and idea is 
one thing and actual working is another thing. The idea is very great: practicing 
non-resistance and all that, but if all of us go out in the street and practice non- 
resistance, there would be very little left in this city. That is to say, the idea is 
all right, but nobody has yet found a practical solution [as to] how to attain it. 

There is something in caste, so far as it means blood; such a thing as heredity 
there is, certainly. Now try to [understand] — why do you not mix your blood 
with the Negroes, the American Indians? Nature will not allow you. Nature 
does not allow you to mix your blood with them. There is the unconscious 
working that saves the race. That was the Aryan's caste. Mind you, I do not say 
that they are not equal to us. They must have the same privileges and 
advantages, and everything; but we know that if certain races mix up, they 
become degraded. With all the strict caste of the Aryan and non- Aryan, that 
wall was thrown down to a certain extent, and hordes of these outlandish races 
came in with all their queer superstitions and manners and customs. Think of 



this: not decency enough to wear clothes, eating carrion, etc. But behind him 
came his fetish, his human sacrifice, his superstition, his diabolism. He kept it 
behind, [he remained] decent for a few years. After that he brought all [these] 
things out in front. And that was degrading to the whole race. And then the 
blood mixed; [intermarriages] took place with all sorts of unmixable races. The 
race fell down. But, in the long run it proved good. If you mix up with Negroes 
and American Indians, surely this civilisation will fall down. But hundreds and 
hundreds years after, out of this mixture will come a gigantic race once more, 
stronger than ever; but, for the time being, you have to suffer. The Hindus 
believe — that is a peculiar belief, I think; and I do not know, I have nothing to 
say to the contrary, I have not found anything to the contrary — they believe 
there was only one civilised race: the Aryan. Until he gives his blood, no other 
race can be civilised. No teaching will do. The Aryan gives his blood to a race, 
and then it becomes civilised. Teaching alone will not do. He would be an 
example in your country: would you give your blood to the Negro race? Then 
he would get higher culture. 

The Hindu loves caste. I may have little taint of that superstition — I do not 
know. I love the Master's ideal. Great! But, for me, I do not think that the 
working was very practical; and that was one of the great causes that led to the 
downfall of the Indian nation, in the long run. But then it brought about this 
tremendous fusion. Where so many different races are all fusing, mingling — 
one man white like you, or yellow, while another man as black as I am, and all 
grades between these two extremes, and each race keeping their customs, 
manners, and everything — in the long run a fusion is taking place, and out of 
this fusion surely will come a tremendous upheaval; but, for the time being, the 
giant must sleep. That is the effect of all such fusion. 

When Buddhism went down that way, there came they inevitable reaction. 
There is but one entity in the wholes world. It is a unit world. The diversity is 
only eye-service. It is all one. The idea of unity and what we call monism — 
without duality — is the idea in India. This doctrine has: been always in India; 
[it was] brought forward whenever materialism and scepticism broke down 
everything. When Buddhism broke down everything by introducing all sorts of 
foreign barbarians into India — their manners and customs and things — there 
was a reaction, and that reaction was led by a young monk [Shankaracharya]. 



And [instead] of preaching new doctrines and always thinking new thoughts 
and making sects, he brought back the Vedas to life: and modern Hinduism has 
thus an admixture of ancient Hinduism, over which the Vedantists 
predominate. But, you see, what once dies never comes back to life, and those 
ceremonials of [Hinduism] never came back to life. You will be astonished if I 
tell you that, according to the old ceremonials, he is not a good Hindu who 
does not eat beef. On certain occasions he must sacrifice a bull and eat it. That 
is disgusting now. However they may differ from each other in India, in that 
they are all one — they never eat beef. The ancient sacrifices and the ancient 
gods, they are all gone; modern India belongs to the spiritual part of the Vedas. 

Buddhism was the first sect in India. They were the first to say: "Ours is the 
only path. Until you join our church, you cannot be saved." That was what they 
said: "It is the correct path." But, being of Hindu blood, they could not be such 
stony-hearted sectarians as in other countries. There will be salvation for you: 
nobody will go wrong for ever. No, no. [There was] too much of Hindu blood 
in them for that. The heart was not so stony as that. But you have to join them. 

But the Hindu idea, you know, is not to join anybody. Wherever you are, that is 
a point from which you can start to the centre. All right. It — Hinduism — has 
this advantage: its secret is that doctrines and dogmas do not mean anything; 
what you are is what matters. If you talk all the best philosophies the world 
ever produced, [but] if you are a fool in your behaviour, they do not count; and 
if in your behaviour you are good, you have more chances. This being so, the 
Vedantist can wait for everybody. Vedantism teaches that there is but one 
existence and one thing real, and that is God. It is beyond all time and space 
and causation and everything. We can never define Him. We can never say 
what He is except [that] He is Absolute Existence, Absolute Knowledge, 
Absolute Blissfulness. He is the only reality. Of everything He is the reality; of 
you and me, of the wall and of [everything] everywhere. It is His knowledge 
upon which all our knowledge depends: it is His blissfulness upon which 
depends our pleasure; and He is the only reality. And when man realises this, 
he knows that "I am the only reality, because I am He — what is real in me is 
He also". So that when a man is perfectly pure and good and beyond all 
grossness, he finds, as Jesus found: "I and my Father are one." The Vedantist 
has patience to wait for everybody. Wherever you are, this is the highest: "I and 



my Father are one." Realise it. If an image helps, images are welcome. If 
worshipping a great man helps you, worship him. If worshipping Mohammed 
helps you, go on. Only be sincere; and if you are sincere, says Vedantism, you 
are sure to be brought to the goal. None will be left, your heart, which contains 
all truth, will unfold itself chapter after chapter, till you know the last truth, that 
"I and my Father are one". And what is salvation? To live with God. Where? 
Anywhere. Here this moment. One moment in infinite time is quite as good as 
any other moment. This is the old doctrine of the Vedas, you see. This was 
revived. Buddhism died out of India. It left its mark on their charity, its 
animals, etc. in India; and Vedantism is reconquering India from one end to the 
other. 



» 



COMPLETE WORKS OF SWAMI VIVEKANANDA 



“I fervently hope that the bell that tolled this morning in honour of this 
convention may be the death-knell of all fanaticism, of all persecutions with the 
sword or with the pen, and of all uncharitable feelings between persons 
wending their way to the same goal. ” 

Swami Vivekananda 
Representative of Hindus 
Parliament of Religions 
Columbian Exposition, Chicago World Fair 

11 September 1893. 



Click here to start 



Note: This represents the text of the entire nine volumes of the Complete Works of Swami 
Vivekananda, including the footnotes and two unpublished letters obtained from the 
Ramakrishna Vedanta Society of Boston’s website. Most of the footnotes will appear as pop-up 
windows. It will be necessary to exit a pop-up window by clicking the X mark at the top right 
hand corner of a pop-up window to enable the next to appear. The parent window will not 
refresh when a pop-up window appears in Internet Explorer, but might refresh with older 
versions of Netscape. To return to the original location of the parent window, it may then be 
necessary to first close the pop-up window, and then click the “back” button. If there are any 
links that do not work, or if there is any difference from the original printed version, please 
send a mail to devotee @ ramakrishnavivekananda.info . 

Acknowledgements : 

1. Special thanks to Swami Bodhasaranandaji of Advaita Ashrama , Kolkata, India, for his 
whole-hearted support for this project. 

2. Special thanks to the volunteer who has so graciously agreed to proof read Volume 1 and 
wishes to remain annonymous. 

3. The Devanagari font used has been prepared by Murari Dasa and used with his permission. It 
is available at www.ksyberspace.com/fonts/ as a free download. The material in Devanagari 
font is included in graphics mode and so it is not necessary to install the Devanagari fonts to 
see the Sanskrit quotes used by Swami Vivekananda. 



Home / Complete- Works / Volume 3 / Bhakti-Yoga / 

« 

CHAPTER III 

SPIRITUAL REALISATION, THE AIM OF BHAKTI-YOGA 

To the Bhakta these dry details are necessary only to strengthen his will; 
beyond that they are of no use to him. For he is treading on a path which is 
fitted very soon to lead him beyond the hazy and turbulent regions of reason, to 
lead him to the realm of realisation. He, soon, through the mercy of the Lord, 
reaches a plane where pedantic and powerless reason is left far behind, and the 
mere intellectual groping through the dark gives place to the daylight of direct 
perception. He no more reasons and believes, he almost perceives. He no more 
argues, he senses. And is not this seeing God, and feeling God, and enjoying 
God higher than everything else? Nay, Bhaktas have not been wanting who 
have maintained that it is higher than even Moksha — liberation. And is it not 
also the highest utility? There are people — and a good many of them too — in 
the world who are convinced that only that is of use and utility which brings to 
man creature-comforts. Even religion, God, eternity, soul, none of these is of 
any use to them, as they do not bring them money or physical comfort. To 
such, all those things which do not go to gratify the senses and appease the 
appetites are of no utility. In every mind, utility, however, is conditioned by its 
own peculiar wants. To men, therefore, who never rise higher than eating, 
drinking, begetting progeny, and dying, the only gain is in sense enjoyments; 
and they must wait and go through many more births and reincarnations to 
learn to feel even the faintest necessity for anything higher. But those to whom 
the eternal interests of the soul are of much higher value than the fleeting 
interests of this mundane life, to whom the gratification of the senses is but like 
the thoughtless play of the baby, to them God and the love of God form the 
highest and the only utility of human existence. Thank God there are some such 
still living in this world of too much worldliness. 

Bhakti-Yoga, as we have said, is divided into the Gauni or the preparatory, and 
the Para or the supreme forms. We shall find, as we go on, how in the 
preparatory stage we unavoidably stand in need of many concrete helps to 
enable us to get on; and indeed the mythological and symbological parts of all 
religions are natural growths which early environ the aspiring soul and help it 



Godward. It is also a significant fact that spiritual giants have been produced 
only in those systems of religion where there is an exuberant growth of rich 
mythology and ritualism. The dry fanatical forms of religion which attempt to 
eradicate all that is poetical, all that is beautiful and sublime, all that gives a 
firm grasp to the infant mind tottering in its Godward way — the forms which 
attempt to break down the very ridge-poles of the spiritual roof, and in their 
ignorant and superstitious conceptions of truth try to drive away all that is life- 
giving, all that furnishes the formative material to the spiritual plant growing in 
the human soul — such forms of religion too soon find that all that is left to 
them is but an empty shell, a contentless frame of words and sophistry with 
perhaps a little flavour of a kind of social scavengering or the so-called spirit of 
reform. 

The vast mass of those whose religion is like this, are conscious or unconscious 
materialists — the end and aim of their lives here and hereafter being 
enjoyment, which indeed is to them the alpha and the omega of human life, and 
which is their Ishtapurta; work like street-cleaning and scavengering, intended 
for the material comfort of man is, according to them, the be-all and end-all of 
human existence; and the sooner the followers of this curious mixture of 
ignorance and fanaticism come out in their true colours and join, as they well 
deserve to do, the ranks of atheists and materialists, the better will it be for the 
world. One ounce of the practice of righteousness and of spiritual Self- 
realisation outweighs tons and tons of frothy talk and nonsensical sentiments. 
Show us one, but one gigantic spiritual genius growing out of all this dry dust 
of ignorance and fanaticism; and if you cannot, close your mouths, open the 
windows of your hearts to the clear light of truth, and sit like children at the 
feet of those who know what they are talking about — the sages of India. Let 
us then listen attentively to what they say. 



» 


